People stand on a sidewalk outside of retail stores .
Many people of all races are gathered together surrounded by red , white , and black balloons .
Pedestrians on a city street all stand by the curb staring off .
A man and a boy are outside playing with a dog in the evening .
A woman in pioneer dress is sitting at a table .
Two young men at a swimming event
Patrons a eating at a rotating sushi bar .
Young girl in red bathing suit feeding a seagull
A woman uses a cane to help while walking and nearby there is a unicycle .
A BMX bike rider in red clothing and a helmet is riding his bike next to a wooden fence .
A black and white dog carrying a large stick
An Asian man is fishing with two fishing rods on a rusty boat in a harbor .
Man in blue coveralls stands next to a red vehicle that is pulling a trailer .
A meeting is taking place .
A woman in a purple shirt running a marathon getting water splashed on her .
A street vendor is showing his product to a girl .
Grandmother laying in her bed asleep .
Someone is painting a beautiful colorful design on another persons forearm .
A person in a pink shirt and black shorts is climbing a rope .
A shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .
Old man sitting on the park bench with a black dog .
A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear .
There are two people twirling sticks with fire on the ends .
A man in tan slacks and a white dress shirt is speaking into a microphone .
Two people dressed in super hero costumes stand in city street .
a small brown puddle running through a grassy yard .
Four women are playing beach volleyball with an ad for London 2012 in the background .
A young man climbs a rocky hill .
A standing woman holds a pan over a cake .
A black boy stands on a traffic signal .
A shirtless guy does a skateboarding trick off of a wooden box .
A young girl in a formal dress and heels , stands on a sidewalk with a bouquet and flowers in her hair .
A man , with a green cloth over his face , rests with his arms crossed beside a tan wall .
A woman in a white coat and a man in a gray coat are walking on a sidewalk past the window of a store that sells jewelry .
Man dressed in coat , scarf , and hat painting a picture of a building on an easel in the streets .
An Asian man is standing at the front of the room giving a presentation on the 2010 Ford Fusion .
A band is performing on stage .
A dog jumps up to take something from a woman 's hand .
Person skiing on white snow near a red flag .
A kid is drinking juice out of a juice packet .
A crowd behind a fence is watching bicyclists ride up a hilly road with motorcycles behind them .
Girl in striped dress holding woman 's hand .
A woman and a child are walking on a leaf-lined sidewalk , heading towards two people riding horses .
A young blond woman in black smiles under her black umbrella .
The basketball player in blue is challenging the player in orange for the ball .
A basketball player slam dunks the basketball .
One man in a red zipped jacket watching another man in a black jacket jumping in midair while a black Audi car with European license plates and a large building with yellow siding sit in the background .
A young Asian girl is running through sprinklers in a fountain .
A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off .
A boy in a green shirt is bent overlooking through a telescope perched on a stand in the grass .
A group of man and women standing on a ranch commenting and observing a new truck .
Male child playing on round contained ride in the park by himself .
An Asian man in white working in a kitchen .
A man and a woman on a ski lift .
A girl in white is swinging a sword .
A man is putting a turkey on a grill .
three children running barefooted in a gym
A young child in a brightly colored jacket and pants is running .
Two brown dogs wearing muzzles race through a grassy field .
A new mother in a red shirt is giving her newborn baby a bath in the sink .
A little blond boy is playing doctor with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .
A young man is playing trumpet with a microphone in front of him , and next to him is another young man playing the baritone saxophone with another microphone in front of him .
A little girl with a kitten graphic on her shirt is riding in the saddle of a brown horse with a black mane next to a fence outside in a green field on a sunny day .
A boy rides a bike overlooking a large body of water .
A woman is walking in the snow next to a taxi .
Three people are sitting on a bench in front of a body of water .
Woman wearing USA colors , holding a USA Flag , riding a horse draped in the USA Flag in an arena .
Young boys in red vests are singing in a choir .
Children are playing in a raft inside of a house .
During a rugby match , a player in black is on the ground on his back , while two opposing players in white are hunched over him trying to take the ball and other players are rushing to assist .
Women pointing at a geyser .
People hanging about in a crowded cafe .
A woman with a yellow flag stands in front of a metal barrier guarded by policemen .
A older couple next to the box office .
Two teens jumping and making weird poses .
A group of children standing in a shallow pool of water .
A young girl dressed in shorts and t-shirt standing in a small tree lined creek holding hiking canes with a big smile and big straw hat .
a guy on street watching someone .
guy holding a basketball wearing red shirt black shorts with something on left leg
Two men in long robes with snakes on the street with onlookers .
A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area .
A man with long gray hair holding a champagne glass .
A man in a plaid shirt standing inside of a hollow tree trunk .
Someone wearing a cowboy hat is planting in the soil .
Several people marching while holding flags and signs .
A man is dumping out some trash .
Two guys are sitting at a table with a bake chicken .
Three men with yellow vests doing work on the side of a street with three blue and white trucks nearby .
A man in a coat is sitting on a stool outside reading a newspaper .
A brown dog is running in a yard .
The dog is in snow , and has a stick in its mouth .
A man carries a picket sign that resembles a restaurant menu , while a woman in a pink , printed sweatshirt gives an exaggerated pout .
A one-way city street lined with tall buildings is busy with pedestrians and bicyclists .
A man in a yellow shirt painting a house with the number 37 on it blue .
An attractive young couple dances in front of a bright colorful mural .
People walking down the street with a street vendor .
A man in a green scarf is bearing his teeth .
A man is standing alone in a boat .
A man is sitting in a chair and a woman is sitting on a floor .
Two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench , play swordfight with sticks .
A man wearing a green shirt and a black sleeveless jacket is standing next to a tricycle
Asian man riding a bicycle through city streets .
Scientist in a laboratory , viewing something through a microscope .
A man standing at the top of a plastic chair eye bulling the different kind of hats
On a moving walkway , a man looks back to see a long row of green shopping carts moving toward him .
Two people stand by a river , one wearing a helmet points .
A person using a ladder to paint a column white .
A lady is trying out a chair in a furniture store .
A dog chasing livestock on sand .
A bicyclist pulls over to stop at a bicycle shop .
A happy girl swings on her porch .
Two dogs , one brown and one black , playing with each other .
A group of men wearing black suits , yellow swim caps , and goggles , are standing behind a red and white tape .
Two people are waling down an empty sidewalk .
A man is outdoors in a grassy area and he has jumped up from a pile of large rocks .
A man singing into a microphone .
A group of seven women are standing in a body of water .
A dog is in the paddling pool playing with a ball .
A man is wearing blue button down shirt talking to media during a crowded protest .
Two child soccer players wrestle for the ball .
A football player jumps at the ball as other teammates look on .
People sit and listen to a few men playing guitars in a courtyard .
People at an outside bar , drinking .
A little boy in black slides headfirst down a tan tube with his mouth open wide .
A musician and a lady with brown hair are about to sing .
A man in a white shirt is playing the flute to someone in a red skirt .
A group of dancers is performing for a crowd .
A family in colorful clothing walking in the snow .
A person walking down an alley towards the light .
Family of seven , walking along a sandy beach at sunset .
A young woman and three young boys at the pool .
A young man with no shirt on is riding a bike .
There is a blue car on a road in the roads splashing through a puddle .
A red-haired woman is holding a violin and boe .
Somone is high in the air doing a ski jump .
A basketball player shooting while another player is trying to block his shot .
Three men are standing around pack horses in front of a red tent up in the mountains .
Older man guiding a young child on a bike .
Many kids are participating in a potato sack race .
A woman and her dog out on the water .
A man using a chainsaw to cut lumber .
A group of people watching a man looking up at streetlights .
The bank teller is waiting for a customer .
An artist crating some stone art for tourist .
A marching band dressed in black and orange .
Young black males playing basketball in a gym setting .
A dark dog jumps out of the water and onto the grass .
A girl in a bathing suit on the beach plays with a soccer ball while a man in the background watches .
A nice looking lady holding a portfolio .
A woman wearing skates , a helmet , and pads , jumping in the air .
A young child brushes his or her teeth while holding a remote .
The girl in a bright pink skirt dances near a stroller .
A person chopping onions in a cutter .
Two women swim in the surf , near the shoreline .
A religious sect gathered together .
A little boy wearing a green jersey playing soccer .
A seated male cello player wearing glasses and a black suit with white shirt and black bowtie surrounded by his fellow musicians from the orchestra .
Two men , holding hands , jumping into the air .
An old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair .
A baseball player in white is swinging at the ball .
A father plays with his two girls .
Five men are standing in a boat .
A brown bird is standing still in a grassy field .
A girl is walking on a sidewalk with headphones in her ears .
A person is sleeping on a bench , next to cars .
A woman with blond-hair is holding up two self portraits of herself .
A toddler with a Texas university jersey wears a laundry basket on his head .
A little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .
Man with black shirt , making dinner , looking at the camera while cutting meat .
Two traveling women stand laughing in front of a door marked " The Castle Keep . "
There are two women near cups of freshly cut fruits .
A band that is performing on stage for a crowd .
A woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two bags .
A group of people and a dog sitting on the steps .
Athletes competing in a three wheel wheelchair race with a man in a blue jersey in the front .
A man in a black shirt stuffing a turkey to cook .
The children are playing basketball indoors .
Older work professionals having a business event .
Three females hurry across a street , two are woman , and one is a smaller child .
Two firemen in gear standing in front of a firetruck with red light .
Two white male hipsters beating each other with pillows in a public outdoor square .
A woman wearing rubber gloves is kneeling on the ground next to a few round , colorful , Chinese lanterns .
Three yellow- vested workers are sitting down on folding chairs in a city .
A man holding a large red book standing in front of a collection of assorted items .
An old man with white hair in a black suit taking a picture .
A man wearing a white shirt and black shorts is walking by some old buildings .
A person wrapped in a neutral color blanket sitting on a bench .
Two women one in blue the other in pink rollerskating .
A railroad worker is checking the tracks .
A man in a green shirt with a box cutter surrounded by vegetable plants .
Two wrestlers in white at in the air in a tight hold .
A gymnast wearing white is holding her head .
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman 's hair .
After the wedding bride in beautiful gown and groom walking across the street holding hands .
Bearded man with coat and hat standing on a lit street at night .
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach .
A lady with a burlap bag on her head leads two donkeys .
The group of people are all covered by umbrellas .
A boy in a red shirt and a man with dark blond-hair hang out in the toy aisle of a store .
A crowd stands on a over water bridge with city buildings in the background .
A little boy in a blue shirt and kaki shorts is playing on a playground .
Two children read comic books .
A man with a number 12 on his chest is mid-stride while running a race .
Two men and a woman walking down a small city street , while a crowd of people are walking behind them .
Young women in a classroom using a microscope .
Construction workers are working together .
a street vendor serving food to his customers .
a man is pouring drinks into glasses
Family sits around a fire pit outside .
A young child is awed by the art of a local mural .
A woman serving another woman that is waiting in line .
A man with a blue coat is walking down the street with a white flower .
A woman wearing a hat .
A man in an orange jacket and blue pants carrying many boxes .
A group of people gather in front of a ticket vendor .
A seated child plays with a croquet mallet .
4 youngsters line up for a sprint race , while 2 other youths look on while wearing footballs jerseys .
A lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day .
Two friends in a park with face paint on their faces .
Beautiful little girl holding up her hat with one finger is getting her picture taken out in a gorgeous field .
A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks .
Two men in medieval dress , one on a horse , appear to be talking to each other .
Two children sit in a green vessel in a yard .
Families are playing at the park on tire swings .
A man is playing with a dog in the snow .
a young girl in a bright yellow dress surrounded by yellow flowers
A boy pets a sleeping tiger .
A young girl is lying in the sand , while ocean water is surrounding her .
A dog wearing a collar yawning .
A young girl in pigtails plays in the water .
A woman in a white dress is laying on the ground next to a man dressed in gray .
A woman in a bicycle race is watched by a crowd .
A small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man 's lap as they ride in an airplane .
A white dog with red collar splashes in the water .
A woman at a sales stand talking to two customers .
A performer strikes an odd pose while on stage .
A man with a messenger bag stands on a busy street corner .
A woman wearing a green shirt is giving a slide presentation on the upcoming zombie uprising .
Many cyclists race down a road in uniform .
A woman in a black shirt on a bungee cord .
A woman wearing a bright red shirt and a yellow jacket is ladling something into a metal pan while surrounded by fresh produce at an outdoor market .
People walking around in the street near some parked trucks .
A woman gives the thumbs up over the slope .
four people 's silhouette carrying an object up a hill .
A group of young high school or college students are smiling while performing a science experiment involving beakers and the transfer of liquids
Dog sticking out its tongue .
A girl with a short haircut and eyebrow piercing bites her finger and crosses her arms .
Elderly man repairs boat launch on the shore .
Passengers on a moving train .
Two asian women stand and talk by a street .
A man in a red shirt and black vest is playing the guitar .
Two women in white dresses getting their pictures taken .
A little girl in pink climbs a rope bridge at the park .
a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
A group of people gathered outside of a concert hall .
Men wearing black and white striped shirts and red scarves carry a shrine on their shoulders .
A woman wearing a purple top and white capri pants and a man with white shorts on are near a fountain .
A man using a shovel to dig a hole .
Three people assist in lighting a woman 's cigarette .
Several people wearing formal clothes are sleeping together on grass .
A man in black is throwing a garbage bag in to a dumpster .
A woman with a white hat and wife caftan is holding colorful items to sell .
Couple having cocktails at a club .
A man examines a bike during a yard sale .
A player has the football as a crowd in red and white watches
A woman in blue denim shorts sits on stone wall .
The smiling girl has climbed a tree .
Shoppers purchase produce from a busy grocery store in Asia .
A man in dark gear and a man in light gear wade through deep water .
A guy wearing jeans and a black shirt on stage with a mic singing a song .
Two men practicing marital arts while using sticks .
Two young boys roll down a grassy hill .
A young girl runs down a hallway with wooden floors .
several people are ascending a set of stairs while holding umbrellas .
A man in orange clothing is kneeling , holding a trash bag , and reaching for a broom in the road near the sidewalk .
Swimmers are diving into lap pool .
This person , whose board displays an orange and yellow sail , is sailing through the water .
A woman is carrying a paint tray and paintbrush outside .
Two men sitting together with a calendar on the wall behind them .
A man with a bag leaning on a railing .
A referee tries to break up a fight between two players at a hockey game .
A man in glasses has his arm around a baby in orange and yellow that has foam on her nose .
Four men , 3 in white lab coats and one wearing black jacket , surveying bread buns in industrial kitchen .
Two women , one wearing a black tank top , the other wearing a black tank top with a barcode on the chest , sing a duet .
Two men playing guitar on stage with two female background singers .
A cook prepares food at the counter in a store called " Frank 's Burgers " .
A large gathering of people talk around picnic tables .
A black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass .
A man in a red shirt works in a decrepit kitchen with green and white tiles .
An adult holds up a bushel of sticks in a field .
Woman is working on a loom weaving a patterned carpet of red , white , and blue .
A baseball player in blue tags a player in red out .
A woman plays volleyball .
One person rides the waves of the ocean .
Asian women standing in front of a body of water and surrounded by trees with red leaves .
A man sings and plays guitar while another man sits at a table with a bottle of water .
A man walks with his shirt off and rolled up pants in a busy city street .
A person working with yarn in the back of a shop .
Some kids are sitting and watching a show .
A dog in a field holding something in its mouth .
People shop for fruits and vegetables at an outdoor market .
Four people are sitting or laying on a wooden floor and touching each other .
A curly-haired man and a woman in a black tank top both play guitars and sing at a festival .
Men shoveling snow on a sidewalk in a city .
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water .
A man is painting graffiti on a building .
A younger gentleman is pushing a football training device on a football field while a gentleman somewhat older stands on the device for added weight .
A woman walks down a sidewalk past a Halloween decoration .
A child in a red shirt and hat enjoys a tire-shaped swing at the playground .
A man is in a store looking through shirts on a rack .
A blond girl in a blue shirt and pants riding a red bike .
Boy looks backwards to the camera while riding in a swing at an amusement park .
Large crowd standing on the side of the road waving at something or someone passing by .
A man rests on a bench on a street .
A team of horses pulling a boat out of the water .
A dog jumps over a hurdle .
A fireman pulling out a firehose next to a blue car engulfed in flames .
A donkey pulls a group of locals in a wagon .
a black dog pulling on a green rope in the grass
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
Two brown dogs are fighting and they are both wearing red .
Colorful yellow seats with a sparse crowd line up behind four soccer players trying to go after a ball .
Two men with scrubbers wash a building .
A man in black and one in white posing indoors .
An older gentleman is carrying a tiki torch down a street lined with people , as some of them take photographs .
A child closes her eyes and puckers her lips .
A young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play .
A person with an umbrella walks across bridge with pink and purple decorative balls .
A cowboy-looking fellow slings a lasso .
Two men walk down the shaded street .
A woman in a large brown dress hangs up her white linens on a clothesline in her backyard .
A gray and white cat sits behind a sheet music copy of Chopin 's Prelude in A Major .
Man dressed in drag pointing at his open mouth .
A girl is writing something in paper .
A person in a green jacket and black pants lifts a rock .
An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background .
A woman in a blue skirt browsing cosmetics at a store .
People wait in line at bus stop .
A man rock climbing
Men and Women and Michigan Wine and Food tasting
Man and woman enjoying their visit to an Asian market .
A dark-skinned child blowing some bubbles using his mouth .
A woman is sitting on a dock in front of a big gray ship .
Two girls , one with dark hair , wearing glasses and red pants , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a sidewalk .
A woman sitting and drinking from a cup , while a man in the background looks at a laptop computer .
Silhouette of man in front of mountain landscape
The woman with the blue shirt is holding a baby .
A man is walking down the road while reading a paper .
Baby wears green frog big and makes grotesque face .
Asians are eating at some cafeteria .
Two women , both wearing glasses , are playing clarinets and an elderly woman is playing a stringed instrument .
Two men are talking with each other while a third sits next to them .
A person wearing a maroon hat , a red hood , and bright green pants performs an aerial trick on a snowboard against a background of trees .
A man rests a silver-colored metal disk on a rock surface as he works on the back side of it .
Woman writing on a pad in room with gold , decorated walls .
a group of people out on the water .
A woman and child riding camels near the ocean .
Two men standing with leaf blowers .
A group dressed in white stares out a window .
A little boy sitting in the window of a taxi cab .
One teenager taking a risk by diving on his side .
A shaggy dog hangs its paws out of a light turquoise window .
A woman in the middle of throwing a bowling ball in a bowling alley .
A man with a black ball cap on is sitting and watching people on the street .
A model taking pictures in a brown dress .
A scientist wears latex gloves while handling samples and scientific equipment behind a glass shield .
A policewoman directs traffic .
A blond woman in a beige hat and black shirt , looks behind her , smiling at the camera , with a group of other people talking in the background on a street .
A young boy in an orange shirt is smiling as he runs in a city scene .
Little girl standing in sand at the beach .
A bicycle goes downhill .
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side .
Two older women walk through a store with a cart of flowers .
A carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built .
A dog runs on the beach .
2 hockey teams are playing hockey .
A man holds a stuff sloth .
Several people at a table with laptops .
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow .
A woman in a black coat is putting makeup on in a train .
A lady is taking a picture of something .
A basketball is up in the air above players on two teams , one team is wearing white and the other team is wearing navy blue .
Three men working on building something with bricks .
A man is riding a horse in an event .
A man in blue overalls hanging onto a pole above a crowd of people .
A young man in a gray jacket and a man wearing glasses and wearing a blue and black striped shirt look at each other .
Two people are riding their bicycles on a dirt road
A person in shorts shoveling snow .
A man wearing a blue shirt kicks a soccer ball along a green field .
Two people are fighting each other in some type of karate , both are wearing the typical white outfit with black belts .
A little girl in a pink outfit is looking straight ahead and holding a pair of binoculars on a stony trail .
Three women standing together talk with each other .
People sitting and watching a tv monitor mounted high on the wall .
A woman , wearing an apron is standing at some sort of very long assembly line .
A man in a collared shirt and blue jeans is raking in his garden while a baby sits in a blue baby-carrier attached to his back .
A man and a boy posing together behind a fence and a gorgeous waterfall view .
A group of men walk down the beach while a woman in a blue bathing suit lays on the sand .
A boy holding a lightsaber jumps in the middle of the street .
A young girl in a black dress is holding a red flag and covering a happy expression .
A woman in a long white dress and white boots is walking along a stone structure with white stone columns .
A boy is on a bicycle , and there is a girl on the back of it with an umbrella .
Two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail .
Chinese-American dressed children dressed in red uniforms are doing a cultural performance in a parade .
The Two girls pet the small young Horse .
A young girl is hopping from one square stone to another , along a path .
Three African American men in some kind of uniform for a job in a back alley .
Yankee players celebrating a win .
These people are walking away from the camera , while one person carries another .
a section of street with movie posters and apartment buildings in the background .
Young children are performing karate moves while their teachers look on .
A man in a performance plays guitar .
There is a herd of camels with two people riding atop each one while behind a front drop of water .
Several runners compete in a road race .
Upset woman in a blue dress walking in a city .
a man and his son on an interesting skateboard
A kid in a black cap and light blue shorts playing tennis .
Two people rock climbing .
People from all walks of life rush to catch the next train in Japan .
A muddy golden dog running in grass
Family sitting around table on outdoor patio .
A crowd of people waiting at a train crossing .
Two teenage boys practice their soccer skills as their friends stand beside the goal and watch .
A child is holding hands with an adult .
A left handed woman is writing something down in pen in a portfolio .
Two people sitting together on the base of a column .
A construction worker in a yellow vest digs in the street while a second worker looks on .
A white guy is playing a blue guitar .
Three small dogs , two white and one black and white , on a sidewalk .
The couple have children sitting in their laps on the rocky hillside .
A dog and a ball on a beach .
Dressed in a yellow jumpsuit sporting protective gear with a helmet laid at his feet , a man accepts his prize on the winner 's platform following a competition in Spain .
A boy in a striped shirt and a little girl in a blue dress walk hand in hand down the train track .
Two young boys stand together in a wooded area .
there are 6 horses riding on a track field with mountains in the background and people in the foreground watching .
a peaceful rowboat during dusk .
a person on a red atv on two wheels
A young person wearing a red shirt and socks is standing by himself .
The woman in the striped shirt is sipping a beverage while at work .
The girl does freestyle Frisbee tricks with her dog at the baseball park .
Very large overweight man attempting to ride a motorized bike .
A brown , black , and white dog runs along on the gravel .
Several older people stand in front of a food booth .
A woman and two little girls are sitting on a concrete bench with their hands on their faces .
Man recording a video of a woman .
Humorous photo of a nun riding a large bicycle
The man is standing on the corner playing music .
A young girl with face paint hitting a pinata while other children watch .
An adult dressed in black holds a stick .
A little boy stands in the surf .
people are walking in an industrial area
Asian buffet style restaurant .
A child stand behind a cutout picture .
A man attempts to get a ball through a hoop as a bystander watches at a park .
A child is buried waist deep in sand
On a city street , police are putting a handcuffed suspect into a patrol car .
Bikers participate in a two way street ride , with lanes separated by yellow cones .
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court .
A big dog sniffs a little dog .
A man with white hair , blue jeans , and a white T-shirt chiseling an object .
A person is climbing and has nearly reached the sign at the top
A man wearing a white shirt and khaki pants passes in front of a snack stand .
An infant holding a snail , looking quite curious about what it is .
A newspaper salesman in a blue shirt reads a paper at his stall .
Little boy being silly jumping in the lake .
Two men kneel on a green and red mat next to each other while various objects hang on racks on a white wall behind them .
An African American woman standing between two people dressed as clowns .
Two men are grilling out .
A very fit man is leaning against a tree .
A man in a suit is observing an item through a window .
A woman sitting in chair discusses a topic into a microphone .
gentleman making a play on wet soccer field
A girl has placed a purple cloth over her face while she lies on wooden structure .
An adolescent male is performing a skateboarding stunt in a city .
A woman reads on newspaper on a snow covered street .
A man in a colorful outfit .
Two men in a band play guitar and sing on stage .
A man wearing a t-shirt and shorts is playing golf .
Small , hairy dog running in the sand .
An elderly Asian woman wearing a red long-sleeved shirt and carrying a woven purse points to a man she is speaking to who is wearing a red light jacket and carrying a satchel .
Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game .
Seven people are sitting at a picnic table with evergreen trees in the background .
A group of people inside some form of public transportation ( such as a bus ) , are looking out the windows on the left side .
A bride is receiving her vail from a black man .
A woman in a green shirt and blue scarf is next to an orange bike .
Many people in the open market on the street .
A man is looking outside of a window .
A boy has done a back flip into a swimming pool while another boy watches .
Guy mowing lawn and listening to the radio at the same time .
An attractive blond woman in a white tank top , jean shorts , sunglasses and carrying black flip-flops is walking along a sidewalk surrounded by sand and barricades .
Two young woman in boots are reading a book with a motorcycle helmet next to them .
Two children scavenging on the shore adjacent to boats .
Two women smiling and talking to each other while they are both holding a can of beer .
Two dogs play in the snow on the ground near a tree , with one on top of the other .
Young boy with blond-hair laughing while swinging at the park .
Two men woodworking together .
People sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone .
A man wearing army camouflage stands behind the steering wheel of the vehicle he is operating .
A boy in a tank top skateboarding .
Three people in a small green car that is strapped with supplies .
A girl in a bright pink outfit prepares for a race .
A woman walks around and browsing at a market .
A very poor southeast Asian woman is chopping kindling while her children and dogs watch .
Two children are in the snow and one of them in a blue coat is attempting to pick up a huge snowball .
A young guy , probably in his early twenties , shows off his culinary skills with pride .
A child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming .
A bunch of men standing around outside , mostly shirtless , some wearing hats and-or sunglasses .
A black dog with tan markings stands in deep snow ; there is an evergreen to the right .
A man is playing his guitar and wearing glasses .
Two dogs are playing with a stick in a lake .
A man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left .
A garbage man , doing his best to clean up the streets .
A young woman is doing push ups in front of three members of the armed forces at a conference event .
2 women standing by the side of a boat .
Several people are sitting in a restaurant waiting for their orders .
A gray and black-haired male is holding his glasses in one hand while looking at something in the other hand ; surrounded by numerous amounts of machines .
Two Asian men walking with red bags
A man wearing a black shirt and carrying a messenger bag is walking .
young men play beach volleyball in urban city
A man in a white shirt and black pants looks on as other people are seated at tables beneath green umbrellas .
A group of people gathered at night watching an event .
A woman in a green apron and rolled-up sleeves is handling the underside of one in a row of furry animals .
soldiers 2 and civillians sitting on a bench at a busstop
a man playing the guitar and singing .
One man lays on a city stoop while another rests his head on a garbage can .
An old man reading a periodical sitting in a bus beside a houseplant .
A scared-looking child with big eyes is in a highchair looking at the camera while several people are moving around in the background .
A young woman whisking eggs in a glass measuring cup .
A woman is adjusting a camera in a crowd of people with a young girl holding a scooter in front of her .
Two motocross riders race on a dirt track .
A man and a woman embracing and looking out at a green vista from the top of a grassy knoll .
Three people sitting in a room with a bike and a scooter .
Two brown dogs sniff in the grass .
There are three people standing in the produce section of a grocery store .
A brunette woman holds a child outside .
A boy in a tube
Five young boys play soccer .
A man is teaching a class of young children to balance a ball that is red , green , blue and yellow on top of their heads .
A man is standing in basement and propped against a pillar .
An aircraft is standing with a gothic building in the back .
A man wearing black and yellow shorts is standing on a wooden pole with his arms outstretched and his shirt pulled over his face .
Two people riding horses .
A little boy wearing an outfit from a different culture is sitting and looking to his left .
A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store .
The man in the white shirt , blows his horn into the microphone .
A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day .
Two men are sitting indoors , one of them has headphones .
Man pretending to hold up large stone that is leaning against another .
A man fishes from a broad brick-paved pedestrian path .
A black dog splashes in the water .
Two little boys in white tank tops are sitting on wooden chairs .
A family walks down a nature pathway pushing a small child in a red stroller .
Man in blue shirt is taking photograph .
Players in yellow jerseys are on the field .
Two men are drumming , one is standing and one is sitting down .
The back of two skinny models wearing white t-shirts and short shorts with high heels on passing by the camera equipment
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth .
A man is speaking into a microphone , while another man ponders the situation at hand .
Two men in speedos on the beach .
A man walks down the road leading a cow with no rider and another cow with a rider .
A man wearing urban combat pants is walking down the street carrying a toolbox .
A basketball player is shooting while his teammates and the other team look on .
A man doing a wheelie on a dirt bike .
One man in the hole of a tire in water , and another man getting up from the water next to him .
Two black males riding their bikes , one in a blue ball cap with white shirts and plaid shorts and the other in a blue and red ball cap blue polo shirt and black pants , while another male rides a bike obscured by his many plastic baskets .
A man wearing green goggles watches as a woman in green goggles and holding a torch solders some metal on top of wooden blocks .
Woman waiting for the train .
A group of people standing around a pabst blue ribbon stand .
Two african women performing in front of a small audience .
A young boy dressed all in red is standing in front of a small soccer goal .
A pug stands on the bank of a pond while a larger dog stands in the water .
A boy wearing a rugby shirt standing next to a body of water .
A man on a board with the aid of a parachute travels quickly through the snow .
A dog in the snow carrying a tree limb in its mouth .
People walking along a sidewalk .
man with reflective vest clears leaves off a sidewalk using a blower .
Traveler taking a break to stretch after a long night of travel .
Two younger men on the roof of a building .
Three black dogs are on a beach .
There 's a group of eight people paddling kayaks in a body of water .
A group of boys pose for a picture on a crowded street .
Two old men are on a balcony and one is looking at a small square of paper , and the other is holding a few sheets of paper .
A man in a red helmet has water squirted in his mouth by another man in a boxing ring .
A man in a gingham apron is cleaning desks .
A child pushes another child on a swing .
A man with white hair , wearing a white shirt and blue pants , stands in front of a group of elderly men sitting outside next to a paved gray path on which a black dog sits .
Three construction workers posing with construction materials .
Delicious barbecue had been prepared by a group of chef .
A crowd walks along a sidewalk of a farmers market .
A man with a blue shirt speaks to a crowd .
Two girls holding hands in orange clothes
A mustachioed man sits as two boys stand on either side of him at the entrance to an alley .
A group of people and infants yelling at something off-camera .
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches .
A young Asian mother is attempting to get her baby to rest .
The perfect view from behind a soccer goal post .
The start of a baseball game with fans getting ready .
two men sit at a encripted stone in the mountains .
Three people are using a homemade cart to carry water from a well
A father is playing with his boy
Two overweight black women wearing work uniforms are sitting on some steps .
A police officer is standing in a street .
Girl wears white feather boa and kimono .
A man and woman walking together through a wooded area swinging a child by arms .
a man dressed as Jack Sparrow from Pirates of the Caribbean
A large yellow dog is retrieving a stick .
A man is sitting at a keyboard possibly adjusting some sort of sound equipment while wearing headphones as the word FAT is displayed in white letters on a pink background above and behind him .
A man in a very nice great button up shirt is signing into a microphone .
In this photo , it looks like a little boy is jumping into something .
A woman is walking in a purple shirt and pink scarf .
Two women are holding the butt of a naked man
A little black dog and a large brown dog are out in the snow .
People walking on a bridge that has a small roof over it .
A photographer is standing with a boy and his photography equipment .
Two soccer teams are playing a game in a stadium .
An old man squats near the water where there are boats docked .
Young Asian girls rest along a river 's edge .
The small child is sitting in a red playground swing .
Young boy and girl running with water wings on
A man dressed as a woman sitting behind a sewing machine .
A woman in a patterned shirt hands a plate of food to another woman in an apron , while two women work in the background .
A smiling woman carrying her baby in a sling .
Four children are reading a recipe in a professional kitchen while the ingredients are laid out on the table .
a man with glasses on in a short black shirt and long blue shorts stands in the road in front of a blue car .
A woman in blue makeup and a costume gives a mysterious look to the camera .
Two women laugh while sitting on the floor .
A bearded man looks forward as he drives a car .
The police interviews a man .
A man wearing an orange and white striped shirt is standing in front of a food cart .
A person is waterskiing in a lake near autumn colored trees .
A cheerleader dressed in red smiles and cheers .
Six men practicing a sport on a field .
A man in a blue shirt is holding a sign that says " Come on now ... what 's gayer than tea . "
A group of girls dancing and having fun .
A clerk at a fruit shop awaits for costumers .
Shirtless man wearing blue pants painting bottom of swimming pool .
a man in a bright orange shirt and black jeans holds an ice cream cone out of a small vending cooler while other people stand around .
A middle-aged man is sleeping on a blanket in the grass next to a folding picnic table .
Three people climbing rocks .
People leaning against railing watching city .
A person in red is lying on a bench in a park , and two couples sit on other benches together .
A smiling woman in a bikini in the air over a diving board .
People are standing in line at a food stand .
A man with a blue coat and dark pants walking on an empty street .
Two teams , one wearing black jerseys and the other wearing white jerseys , are on a football field .
A stairway with green plants growing on the side .
Various fruits are available at an outdoor market in what appears to be India .
A man dressed in his cultural robe , and sandals is waiting to cross the street .
A woman works on blending something at the counter .
Two ladies play the violin and the guitar on the street to entertain the passer byes .
A surfer is doing a turn on his board .
A person is walking by the bridge .
Mounted policeman on horseback guard the little boys in front of the palace .
A kid has a pout look on his face .
An Indian man is talking to children as they cut a cake .
Two men are in the street while one is holding flowers .
Two women and a man at a food counter in dim lights .
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk in the snow all wrapped up because of the cold weather .
A man is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .
Two martial artists wearing protective gear fighting inside a gym .
A woman in a brown peace t-shirt grilling vegetables on a large gas grill .
A young boy in a green swing rides through the air near a barn .
Two ladies discussing something while one holds a bag .
A BMX rider in a red and black outfit is jumping on his motorcycle .
Two US soldiers are standing in front of a Humvee full of toys .
The young child is sitting on the grass in a park .
Little girl with blond curly hair and wearing a yellow dress is jumping up .
A young child wears a red winter hat with a big pompom on top .
A blond woman wearing a red shirt and a wristband , at a microphone .
The feet are shown of a person who just fell off of their surfboard .
A bicyclist is riding on a wooden track inside of a gymnasium .
Two woman examine a photograph on a camera .
a woman gets out of a red car .
A man , woman and one girl face the camera , while one girl faces away .
A toddler starting at a clown walking down a snowy sidewalk .
Two hikers stopping to rest in the shade on a bright sunny day .
A man in a gray sweater is eating a sandwich with meat .
A shirtless man in blue swimsuit bottoms holding swim goggles .
A man with a beard surprised when his picture is taken .
A boy is hanging on monkey bars .
Three individuals are riding a contraption with three wheels in the water .
Two opposing hockey players collide .
Two men are waiting far apart for the train in a run down station .
Two blond girls in blue jerseys playing catch with a yellow ball .
Young children in black uniforms perform a martial arts demonstration with sticks in front of a crowd .
A woman with black hair and a blue scarf is singing into a microphone .
A woman holding a branch on top a cliff .
Mixed crowd playing a board game .
A woman and a dog standing in the grass .
A woman and a kid are making a snow sculpture , as a dog lays on the ground next to them .
A blond woman with a burgundy shirt laughs into a microphone with a bald , bearded guy with a guitar next to her .
A man using a radial saw .
Two hokey players go head-to-head as the ref frantically gets away .
The man in the button up shirt is sitting at a table .
A man in the ladder is repairing something .
A small white dog has on a leash and is walking next to a fence .
A woman in a red shirt and black pants riding a white horse on brown grass .
A man and a woman have a conversation inside the living room of a home in a city .
A boy playing a piano with music notes in front of him .
Four kids pose on a stage .
A man in black is holding a microphone on a stage , while another person in the background playing the drums .
A football player from Iowa State blocks a player from Texas A&M from taking the football from him .
A man wearing a jungle hat is trekking with his guide in the wilderness .
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
A woman in a white shirt playing an instrument with the drummer in the background .
A young child practicing karate .
A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline .
A man takes a nap in the city .
Children play in a fountain .
A group of asian children at school .
A person laying down on a clay colored surface in front of a Roland Garros billboard .
A man wearing a green shirt is grinning at the computer screen with his hand on the mouse .
Two youths walk down an inclined street .
A person dressed up like a panda has surprised a man wearing a zebra print garment with classes and a red hoodie , carrying a white sack .
A counter in a restaurant featuring Maruga 's tomato pies and the back of a Coca-Cola soda fountain .
A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans .
A young child climbing a boulder in which a balancing rock sits upon .
A man looking through a pair of binoculars .
Three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them .
A smiling man wearing glasses and a leather jacket .
a child in a black shirt reaches for a white kitchen stove
A man in an orange shirt looking at his cellphone .
An artist works his craft on a damp city sidewalk in solitude .
Police patrolled the downtown streets on their motorcycles .
A male in a green jacket points an imaginary shotgun at the sky .
A young boy jumping from a height into the arms of an man .
A large group of people are seated at various tables with large windows displaying green trees behind them .
People in a produce store picking produce to buy
A cheerleader performs a jump in front of a yellow and blue banner .
2 men stand in line at a restaurant .
Woman in a long skirt and a man walk down the street .
A man is standing behind a black gate .
Some people are grilling chicken outdoors .
A man is sleeping in a chair next to a sign .
A person wearing a helmet and riding suit is riding a four wheeler on a dusty plot of land .
Two women and a man sitting down in chairs next to a table with a candle burning .
The dog wearing the red collar is running across the grass with a ball in its mouth .
A light brown dog and a black and brown dog are in some dry brush .
A teenager in a white shirt and flip-flops is in motion on the swing .
Children playing on a trampoline .
A boy wearing a green shirt is jumping in front of a lane at a bowling alley .
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth .
Man vacuums a hairy animals shedding fur .
A man wearing a black vest and a girl in an orange uniform are waiting at a bus stop .
A child jumping on the other side of a green fence .
Little boy smiling on the stairs .
A man in a hard hat looks at some machinery .
Native women in colorful clothing are working the muddy field .
Some young children are inside playing .
A teenage girls in a navy sweater and jeans using a cellphone .
a young man with a black striped shirt on skateboarding on a wall .
A man walking towards the open sea .
A karate kid in midair kicking a black punching bag .
A lady dressed in a vividly patterned dress is speaking via microphone .
A boy getting his hair buzzed off by another boy .
People wait at a crosswalk next to a traffic light .
A woman shoots at target practice .
A woman in roller derby gear looks across the room .
Women , men and children are attending a party where food is displayed and are having fun .
Two men , one in a suit and one in blue sweats , stand a few feet from one another in a building .
Yound people make goofy faces for the camera .
Two men in white robes with black hats with one in a prayer stance .
A paramedic wheeling a stretcher with an equipment bag on top .
A blond girl wearing flannel and a brunette wearing a red shirt , both in jeans , are sitting in a tree with a crowd in the background .
A group of 5 young girls pose for a photograph by attempting to jump in the air just as the picture is taken , one of them stays on the ground and is holding an infant male .
A person in hiking gear is standing on a hill with a mountain in the background .
Many people are walking around shopping in a brightly lit and colorful shopping mall .
A woman holds her newborn infant child .
Two children peer over a rusty ledge .
Black man wearing an orange sign , sitting on a stool on a sidewalk next to Mc Donald 's .
This is a child in a snowy landscape sledding down a hill .
Mustached man in blue flannel shirt and brown Baltimore Ravins hat smiles .
a firetruck fights a fire .
Two women repairing a wall with concrete .
A man with a black sweatshirt and an earring is sitting in a car in front of a girl with a white shirt .
A worker pauses while clearing vegetation .
Man in blue jack , sleeping or passed out on a red public bench .
Young boys and girls looking at the screens in some kind of a learning center .
A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat .
Three people , one of whom is on fire .
Scotsman in traditional garb .
Three older men standing in the rain with leaves on their head .
A young girl sits on a metal bench with her bike eating ice cream .
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore .
Two workers taking a nap at a construction site dressed in their work attire .
There is a person scaling a very steep rock wall .
A group of numbered participants walk down the street together .
A lone man only wearing boxers is sitting on a chair looking out an above ground window .
A person wearing a black coat and a helmet with spiky things is posing on the lawn in front of a crowd of people .
Two people walking a dog on a beach in cold attire .
A man sitting in a living room holding a round pillow and talking .
A young boy skateboarding
Three people are climbing up an open iron staircase .
Two children are posing with their arms up on an ice rink .
Two women having fun at a party .
A collie runs across a yard in the springtime .
Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady .
Two men are sitting at a desk and one man is touching the jacket of one of the first men .
Little girl , upside down on swing .
A person on a beach in a green hang glider .
A man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .
A woman wearing rolled up jeans and a black shirt is walking past a bus carrying a shopping bag .
Two women are dancing with each other indoors .
A woman sells tomatoes at an outdoor market .
A young girl colors in a coloring book with a choice of many colors from a container .
Man surfing under the Golden Gate Bridge on a foggy day .
A man entering into a building as another man sits on a street on a cold day .
Person wearing stripey shirt buying fruit in a store
There is a strange driving down the street in some contraption playing their instruments .
A gentleman wearing a red " 28 " jersey , red cap and flip-flops lifts the hood and works to repair a broken down white car .
A young girl with overalls and crazy hair sitting in a green field while eating a red and white object
A man with a beard sitting out the door of his big truck .
Children stand around water pipes awaiting clean water .
Two dogs playing with a purple ball .
a man and woman have matching tattoos .
People passing through an open market , while an older woman leans in front of a chilled bin on=f seafood .
A crowd of people , with a man checking his phone facing you .
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
A young boy in a blue football uniform is running with a football tucked under his arm as three other football players pursue him .
A group of cheerleaders doing a throw and one in the air doing a split .
A man is kneeling down outside on a sidewalk as he paints abstract pictures on canvas .
An old man selling jewelry in front of a building with Arabic inscriptions .
A tan dog jumps over a purple and green gate .
A little African American girl is sitting on a swing at a park looking at the person taking the picture .
A tennis player is running across the court with a racquet in his hand .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside .
The man is standing under a shower with his tongue sticking out .
Two vendors are on a curb selling balloons .
A teen contemplates his move with his tokens at an arcade game .
Woman in black leather jacket stands on smoke filled street .
A woman is holding a boy .
Three kids running in a park in front of a group of ducks .
a young man sitting and petting his dog
A person is walking in the ocean waves .
girl with pink mohawk sitting in front of computer accompanied by two other individuals .
Two men stand under a tree outside a house .
Kid standing and looking determined in the playground
A smiling girl with long , curly , brunette hair holds a black and white cat in her arms .
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk .
A child wearing a gray hat and black jacket while sleeping on a red coat .
A busy , snow-covered city is surrounded by large advertisements .
An Oriental woman in a pink striped shirt is taking a picture .
A man being hit by a bull during an event , as another man runs to help .
Three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos .
A girl with a damn nice booty is getting a nice block in a beach volleyball game .
A woman with glasses and a scarf stands outside in the snow .
There are 3 people playing musical instrument and one other person looks like she is singing .
Two men in jeans enjoying cooking in the kitchen .
Ten people look at the same thing in a tiled room .
The black and brown dog walks toward the camera , in an enclosed , snowy area .
A little boy in blue sportswear sitting on a football over a picnic table .
An Asian man in colorful robes holds a bell and leans toward a small table , with Buddhist or Hindu decorations on the table and the walls .
A man with a bandanna on his head is perched in a tree holding an ax .
The small boy in the red hat has a cracker .
A little dog with a red ribbon on its head takes a walk .
A man in a red shirt examining a camera next to a briefcase filled with sponges .
People go about there busy day in a large Asian city .
Students studying and talking inside of a library .
Man on a track riding a blue motorcycle .
two men are watching three children playing in a ball pit full of colored balls .
Acrobatic performers dressed as chickens .
A gray-haired woman with a black and white print dress sits on a park bench .
A woman in a buff colored jacket with gold buttons stands in profile on a busy city street .
A woman in pink and wearing a fanny pack standing in front of an art piece at a local park .
Two groups of volleyball players are playing hard to win the Olympic games .
A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia .
A photo of an arena with very few people in the stands .
Two children play in a construction area
Two women sit at a bench in a small park , one in a blue dress , the other in a white dress
A biker speeds down a dirt path in the woods .
The boy and woman are working .
A motorbike racer takes a curve on a street circuit .
A man crouches on the sidewalk next to a little girl .
People are strolling and conversing on a sidewalk in front of a hospital .
The young boy is enjoying himself playing on the water toys .
A young boy is playing baseball .
Two dogs , both wearing collars , are playing with one another in the grass .
People gather in a small alleyway , some fancy , and some in street clothes .
A lonely skier enjoys the slopes on a beautiful day .
A man is bent over trying to pick up the pear .
Goalie reaching to block a soccer ball from going in the net .
A lifeguard is sitting on a rail , looking out into the ocean .
A little girl with her mom are looking at desserts .
a Starbucks barista offering up a tray of drinks
A group of woman on the beach jumping in the sand .
young woman in suit sitting on white bench
Three workmen wearing safety hats stand in front of a tractor designed for hauling a large tunnel tube .
A mother and child are playing a game where the child is a cashier and the mother is a customer .
A man wearing an Astro Boy t-shirt and wearing a baseball hat is cleaning a pool .
A young teenage girl talks to another teenager with a red sweatshirt .
A man riding a bike in front of a large red wall .
A middle-aged man wearing a blue shirt is playing a saxophone .
A group of people in outdoor gear looking at a map .
a brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool
Three men in cowboy hats at a rodeo .
A group of firefighters all dressed up in their gear standing on a road .
A woman with red-hair is performing upon a stage and is also dropping a flag that she had wrapped around her .
Dad is adjusting daughter 's bike .
Two women in black jackets , sharing an umbrella while listening to a jazz orchestra playing on stage .
A woman is standing in a bikini serving a man a drink .
Five construction men working on building the roof frame to a new building .
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down .
An old man sitting on a bus holding a briefcase .
A man sitting in the grass , holds his child in his lap .
A group of children stand by a child sized table and chairs while one of them puts their foot in a small plastic bin .
A guy with five girls out climbing on an old tree in a park area .
A man is kicking a soccer ball on the field .
Two people are descending down some stone steps .
Two men wearing black
A boys plays at the playground .
A girl and a boy sit on the ground surrounded by plants .
A man in a black outfit poses in front of the eiffel tower .
A woman drinking from a large glass of beer .
A man sitting against a wall outside with his luggage .
In a lab full of glassware , a white coat wearing scientist carefully dispenses liquid into another container while another watches attentively .
Five children are playing in the snow .
A riot squad making their way through a crowd .
A young girl mixes flour at a kitchen counter .
A dog splashes through the water .
The cowboy is falling off a bucking bull .
A man 's cut and bloody back .
A dog is standing on a metal beam alertly looking at something .
Lady in a red shirt opening presents .
A man wearing a red shirt is walking past a bicycle .
A man in a black ball cap skateboarding down a metal railing .
A young woman is talking on the phone while sitting on the steps .
A man in a red shirt and black pants is sitting down .
A crowd of people singing with four green strobe lights shining in the background .
A man sits and rubs his chin .
Woman with peace sign t-shirt walks dog on forested path .
A dog is running past a farm animal nearby a fence diving tall and short grass .
A group of people dance as a band plays in the gym .
A pack of bicyclists taking a turn during a race .
Two men look out as one is holding binoculars .
Many people walking through a city street .
Three people sitting outside and enjoying the day .
A jockey stand up in his horse 's stirrups as the house trots along .
Newlyweds comically gesture in a grassy field .
A large group of people riding a green roller coaster on its downhill slide while on a yellow rail while over a green algae ridden pond or body of water .
Musicians playing to a crowd of people on the street .
Three people in shorts , one in a dark green shirt , one in a white shirt , and one in a cyan shirt , walk down a sidewalk with a retaining wall and a sign in the foreground .
Two men exchange hello 's while a truck waits for them to move .
A woman stands in front of a contemporary building .
A group of people with jewelry for sale .
A far off view of a surfer and a person on a seedoo .
A man is reading a novel while he is waiting at the laundromat .
This lady had a lot of freckles .
A man with round glasses is juggling as a crowd of children look on .
Several people sitting and standing around a table outside , drinking wine and eating a meal .
A woman is looking through a microscope .
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field .
A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail .
People dishing up their plates at a buffet .
A woman wearing a blue and white dress washes a man 's hair while he sits in a barber 's chair .
A brown puppy chewing on a tree branch .
a young man playing in a wave at the beach
A man wearing a hat is holding his arm strait out and looking at his hand while standing in front of the edge of the ocean on a beach .
a train with two women using their cellphones .
A woman in a red top dropping Mardi Gras beads from her bedroom window .
Woman in blue outfit and boots stands behind muddy Toyota truck with backpack near bushes .
A child is bouncing on a trampoline that is next to the house .
Two people are leaning under the hood and looking at the engine of a cherry red classic car with white-walled tires .
A man in Brazil giving an informal talk to young adults .
A man on stage in a red velvet suit is blowing a kazoo into a microphone .
A man riding a horse drives cattle down a chute .
A man singing loudly while playing the guitar .
Two girls bounce on a large yellow ball indoors .
A smiling woman is wearing sunglasses on a day with sparse clouds .
Three young girls are embracing each other and seem happy .
Man in tan hat working with stones .
A running back for a college football team stumbling after getting the ball .
A man floating on an innertube .
Police watch some punk rock types at a protest .
Friends enjoying drinks and hugging at a party .
Two men are sitting in their seats with a girl between them .
A man wearing a US Army jacket and a white cowboy hat is standing next to a horse .
A man in a yellow coat is on a blue industrial crane working on the side of a tall building .
A man in a silver car talking on a cellphone .
A man in a costume parades in front of a small crowd .
Two men are in a rowboat on the water .
The people are gathered at a bar .
A dog is biting a mop .
A baseball player is about to throw a baseball .
A guy skateboarding on a basketball court
A referee is watching a professional football game in the grass .
Three hockey players in red jerseys are standing together holding hockey sticks .
Some people are looking at and petting goats .
A young girl trying to taste some Chinese made food in the town of Beijing , China .
A man turning a somersault at the beach .
Children on a train , at an amusement park .
An older man chops wood beside a large tree in a field .
An older woman in nice clothing , and a young man in blue sweatpants and a windbreaker stand outside of a Hoyt Reality Group building .
A man in a black coat that is about to walk through a crowd of protesters .
Several girls are playing a sport .
A man with a mustache has his shoes shined on the street by a man in a blue shirt .
A young man hits a spectacular pose on a rail midair on his skateboard .
A crowd of people attend an outdoor event .
A kid on the beach buried himself in sand with only his head exposed .
two dogs play together .
The brown dog and the black dog with green harnesses are in the sand .
Mom strokes her sons head while he licks his lips and looks at the camera
Several people are walking through a lush garden .
A dog swims in the water .
Two basketball teams playing a small game watching a ball as it flies towards the goal .
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background .
An old man gets some barbecue
A tennis player is hitting a tennis ball with all his might .
A young man squirts water from a water gun into a dog 's mouth .
Men , women and children walking up and down a street .
Avid bikers riding indoors .
A man stands on a boardwalk with a camera in his hands as a woman in white looks through a telescope over the water towards a large rock outcropping next to a town .
Two women walk across the street after a yellow school bus passes them by .
Two people walking on the street with lots of bare trees around and snow on the ground .
A group of women with pink bunny ears walk outside .
Two white rabbits sit on the green grass .
A man and a woman are sitting on the ground and surrounded by boats .
A child in a USA jacket shovels snow off the stairs in front of a house .
A wet , blond dog carries a stick on the shore .
Train is boarded with many passengers .
A woman in sunglasses in an antique shop .
Men work together on a construction project .
Airplane workers are working on the tail section of a plane .
Several adults sitting in a classroom taking notes .
A soccer player holding the victory ball above his head while being held aloft by his teammates .
A group of people in swimsuits enjoy themselves on a cruise ship .
Three kids sit atop the stairs .
A giant billboard of a man 's abs
Several people watch a yellow crane operate at night .
Guy in flannel sweater , shorts and sandals miniature golfing .
A beaver on the shore of a stream .
A woman in an orange dress walks down the street with a cellphone in her hand .
A blond little boy is standing by a fence .
Four children look through rolled magazines like telescopes .
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach .
Four women wearing athletic suits are sitting on a bench .
A couple of people wait to cross the road .
A man in a yellow truck plowing snow .
A little girl with a bindi laughs as she stirs a pot in the kitchen .
A young child wearing a yellow life jacket and carrying a beach toy on his head walks across the sandy beach .
The horses are racing along the dirt track .
Motorcycle riders enjoy a sunny day on the road .
A man in a safety vest is kneeling down and working on a train .
two men in a fight in a ring
A group of people dancing at a party .
Young boy jumping off of a trampoline into a lake .
Backpackers ascend a set of stairs in the woods .
A large crowd of people are outside relaxing in the courtyard .
A group of about 11 people of all ages with binoculars in the woods
Three women , of various shapes , sizes , and lifestyles , are treating their bodies to a healthy workout .
Three dogs in different shades of brown are playing in the water .
A man biking on a roadway with green lawns on both sides along with trees on the right side .
A woman with a bag talks to a man on a bicycle near a street .
A tan dog walks across the snow .
A man is outside cooking food on the street corner .
A man works on the rear tire of a bike while a baby looks on from behind the bike .
Medical workers standing behind a " Magnet is You " cart .
A man in a blue and yellow jacket opened a bottle of champagne and got some on his face .
An elderly lady bent over two buckets .
An Asian woman working in a dry cleaner .
Dog hiding under the stairs .
Two girls in dresses hula hooping outside .
A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show .
A street shot of people in an Asian country .
A child on a scooter is jumping the curb .
5 guys in front of a black Volkswagon car and 2 guys are holding white boxes .
four men are having fun on Jet Ski 's .
A little boy sitting by a gingerbread house sticks his tongue out .
A man in a suit walking down a busy street smoking a cigar .
A young child on a scooter with a blue helmet , blue shirt , brown shorts and blue shoes
A man dressed in a blue shirt and jeans walks up a sandy path .
A man with a backpack on is waited on at a deli counter by a clerk with a black hat .
Runners run down the road with mountains in the background .
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains .
A speaker at the 55th annual Delwood Neighborhood July Celebration delivers a message from the stage as others look on .
A person dressed up like the statue of liberty standing above a lady holding an American flag .
A girl wearing a yellow jacket sitting on a stone lion .
Two women in white shirts and dark pants are working with cloth .
A large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
A little girl with blond-hair , wearing a pink shirt , walks away from a topiary garden where a hedge has been cut to look like a ladybug .
A man on a ladder wearing blue jacket and a blue jeans
A child looking at postcards in a market .
Two dogs are playing in the white snow .
Children playing outside of bungalow 's in Mexico .
Three men are outside at sunset doing different activities , including jumping , sitting , and playing with a soccer ball .
A man in American flag shorts holds a white cube at the entrance of a marble building .
Two people standing on the curve looking at people run up the street .
A girl in a costume participates in a parade .
A Chef wearing white is making a strange face while he is stirring a very large pot .
A small band made up of 4 young guys are in the middle of a performance .
A toddler boy is riding a push car designed as a police car in a home .
Two dogs run toward each other .
A black man runs in front of a white man to block his kick during a soccer game .
A lady paying attention to what she is watching , another woman taking photos .
A lady is silhouetted and giving something to someone .
A young boy about to enter a pool after sliding down a yellow slide .
The small white dog is coming out of a blue tunnel .
Three people sit at a table in front of an establishment displaying the words Bar Gleati Tabacchi .
A kid is standing on a boardwalk while the parents watch .
A man looking down at his skateboard or snowboard in the snow .
People shopping in the meat section of a grocery store .
Two women are sitting on a ledge eating food .
A group of rollerskaters follow the lead of a man wearing blue pants and a red shirt on a wood paneled floor .
A man is being held by two men wearing security uniforms , while standing outside in front of a sign advertising for Samsung .
Five men sitting on a picnic table before attending their graduation ceremony .
Two hockey players fight with one hitting the other in the face .
A woman is hanging her clothing on a clothesline .
A young woman wearing a dress makes an awkward hand sign .
Two girls playing in mud in a small pool .
A man in a green jacket is standing near cars .
Festively dressed women sing .
A woman in a teal dress standing outside on a slightly cloudy day .
Two Seattle firefighters standing in front of their truck .
A smiling young girl with blond-hair , blue eyes , and a pink shirt , is holding a yellow flower towards the viewer outside .
A black dog in the water .
An old woman wearing a blue sweater is smiling as she is playing a piano .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a red shirt sitting on the grass .
Three children playing with sparklers .
A blond woman in sunglasses and a surprised expression talks on a cellphone while another woman walks past in the foreground .
The little boy is in the park near a duck .
Several people gathered in a kitchen around an island eating .
A woman with earphones wearing a blue cap , gray jacket and black shorts is jogging down the street .
A woman in a pink outfit is about to serve a tennis ball .
The man in the blue pants is doing a trick with his skateboard .
Three women paddle their small boats along the river .
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
A Minneapolis police officer stands in front of a lingerie advertisement .
A person underneath a car with a jack .
A man pulling two kids on a sled on a snow covered road .
Three young musician in a band performing by female singing and two males playing guitars .
A blond dog runs down a flight of stairs to the backyard .
A group of people sitting outside of a house with a painting of a cowboy in a red shirt on the side .
A group of people dancing on stage .
Many teenagers hanging out in a hang out spot talking .
A group of four is playing instruments in the street .
At a rodeo , a man wearing a cowboy hat has a black cow up in the air in his hands and a rope in his mouth .
Five people in blue raking grass in front of a white building with a blue balcony .
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing .
A man dressed in protective gear walking along a stream with another man close behind him .
Woman in red shirt and white cap rollerblading on gray surface .
A man walking down a lane to a beach on a sunny day .
A young boy and girl in swimsuits are playing with a volleyball at the beach .
A little girl is playing near a hay bale .
Hawaiian is preparing over 20 pigs in a peaceful ritual .
Two men playing hockey on the ice .
A black woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus .
A small child wearing a blue sweatshirt hides his eyes with hands and leans against drawers .
A boy is sitting on rectangular blocks .
A group of young females wearing blue tank tops and white skirts all doing a synchronized cheer .
A man in shorts with two black dogs holds a ball throwing toy at the beach .
Three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background .
A woman in an office looks at the screens of a desktop computer and a laptop .
A scuba diver poses for the camera while underwater , holding a large light .
One man wearing a red shirt is kissing another man .
Two men working outside cleaning the street in their orange uniforms .
An old man strokes his beard while a woman rubs her eyes .
A woman walks down the sidewalk holding a young boy 's hand on a rainy day .
a shirtless man with long hair holds wooden sticks and his shirt next to a cement staircase .
A line of children in yellow hats are overlooking a short brick wall with hedges behind it .
Crowds of people are walking are multicolored tents and flags that are put up outside in a cement lot as a big city looms in the distance .
A man is about to be tackled in the rugby game .
A man waits at a bus stop next to a truck covered in graffiti .
Men examine meat at an outdoor meat market .
A man lights a cigarette on a loading dock near a dumpster .
A little person is holding a yellow flag with a red logo on it .
He is walking with a brown coat .
An elderly couple are standing next to a statue of people kissing .
Two motorcyclists on a blurry road , one rider doing a wheelie .
A man in a blue shirt with a duffel bag and a woman in a yellow jacket pushing a baby stroller crossing a city street .
A woman in a tight fitting uniform sprays champagne on three others .
A man in a blue hat sits on a bench .
The man in the blue shirt was knocked down by the officer .
closeup of a brown dog in the water holding a very large stick .
A young man and a woman carrying a toddler and browsing an outdoor food shop .
An older woman in a blue coat is about to try a sample of a red liquid .
Two girls are eating cake and one has blue icing on her face .
A woman in a pink scarf is on a cellphone .
A man and a woman sitting at a bar the man is eating and the woman has a green bottle .
A boy with brown hair and a girl in a white shirt are going to hug each other .
A bride and groom dancing at the reception .
This fruit market is not busy yet .
A young man with a camera is sitting in a train while grass goes by outside .
A woman wearing a visor is playing a piano outdoors .
A small white dog running .
Snowmobile rider jumping over snow was a crowd watches from behind .
Three girls and one man are loitering outside of a building next to a concrete structure .
A man with a tattoo behind his ear and wearing glasses is smiling while playing a guitar .
Five guys standing outside a building .
Two dogs jumping on each other .
A girl wearing a black and red , fur hooded jacket looks through a microscope .
Person doing a skateboard trick in midair .
A photographer takes a picture of a man standing beside a Volkswagen .
Three adults and one small boy are working in a kitchen where one of the men is teaching the boy how to shape bread .
Many people , including a couple in a wedding dress and suit , are walking or standing around a building with lots of stairs .
Two young children are on sand .
Two girls pose with trophy at crowded event .
A woman applying mascara to her eyelashes .
Dog rolling in grass
A young boy or girl wearing a red jacket with fur and a blue hat is looking down .
Chinese people are marching in a parade behind a float .
A musician in a red jacket plays trumpet in front of a band .
Three men stand around a cart near some motorcycles .
Two bikers pose for a picture , one of which is wearing a skull mask .
Three people sit at their laptops inside a coffee shop .
A man is about to fall off his surfboard in a wave .
A boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .
A young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet .
This is a tiny infant being dressed in a onesie .
A small child squats and puts dirt into his mouth .
A band playing on stage for a crowd of people .
A white and brown dog is carrying a stick in the water .
Guy in elaborate costume .
three women in black dresses walking down the street
A classroom full of kids of different ages .
A professional motorcycle racer raises his arm in victory .
A group of five girls made a human pyramid .
Men and women shoppers selecting fruit at a marketplace , while the shop keeper in white watches .
a motocross rider wearing a red suit jumping off a ramp on a clear sunny day
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
Dogs racing at the racetrack .
People sitting down and waiting at a subway or train terminal .
A male skateboarder grinding on a railing .
A man lifts the lid off steam cooked food outside .
A football player wears a jersey wuth the number " 4 " on it .
Military personnel looking over a guard rail .
Am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street , past a large brick building .
A busy city with cars and people with a giant skyscraper .
Three young men , one in long pants , two in shorts are standing outside of a dilapidated building .
One of the many volleyball players in the tournament .
Group of people competing in a bike race .
A group of people are sitting next to each other with some wearing white shirts and blue vests with yellow sashes and the others wearing large fluffy white hats with a pink fluffy top .
A woman on the beach getting hit with a blow up hammer .
Black people are at the grocery store to get there food .
A little girl is climbing a ladder .
A single light shines on a man with a baseball cap as he stands in a room with a ladder and graffiti on the wall .
A person in an orange jacket standing on a ladder near a large metal object .
A young boy in blue sports pajamas is in front of a christmas tree with white lights .
A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park .
These three girls are wearing summer dresses and playing with the dog in the grass .
A man is playing a small guitar-like instrument and singing into a microphone .
2 children jumping with an older man on a street
Two dogs play in the water .
An agile dog catches a Frisbee while a crowd of onlookers watches closely .
Soldier watches as a train zooms by .
the adirondack express ski lift has plenty of snow for skiers to enjoy .
A bald man with a tremendous gray beard sits behind a white van , before a building that says " Peter Stevens MotorCycles : Service Department " .
People playing instruments at a train station .
A cat standing on carpet is interested in a piece of string in the air nearby wood flooring .
A man and woman with a dog .
Mannequins on a rooftop of a saloon in Arizona .
An elderly woman is standing by the window of a gray stone building .
A man wearing a colorful shirt , shorts , and a hat plays the accordion .
Two black men in U.S. military uniform are on a balcony .
A school crossing guard to help the children .
A little boy and girl hugging each other .
A man wearing carpenters pants and a green hooded sweatshirt walks down the street .
Two people sleeping on a bench in the outdoors .
Ethnic people visiting picking fresh food to buy .
A woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by .
Dogs ignore plate of food on floor , look up at kitchen counter .
Two women hiking on a rocky trail .
A man in a green hat is taking a self portrait .
A woman is washing dishes .
Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers .
A man is talking and holding a piece of paper .
People standing at a train station waiting for the train .
Young girls examining a display .
A woman in white and a man in black , with an earring , are kissing .
Group of people standing around boat .
Girl running next to a pool .
A football team running down the field with the quarterback making the kickoff .
A shirtless street performer plays his improvised drums .
A halway has a sign that says " PORT DU CASQUE OBLIGATOIRE " and some graffiti .
A horse pulls a carriage behind him with lots of children in it .
A skateboarder doing tricks on a brick wall next to stairs .
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall , snowy mountain .
A lady is wearing a black shirt carrying an item in her right arm .
A little girl patting a pile of sand on the beach .
Man bowling in a dimly lit bowling alley .
A group of men in matching red and black outfits ride in a line on their motorcycles .
A group of people river rafting .
Crowd of people sitting and standing under a bridge .
Three women , in casual attire , meet in the outdoors .
Two dogs urinating on a red fire hydrant .
Two children are standing in a small fountain pool .
An asian child is painting while other children watch .
A person skis down a snowy mountain .
A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for .
Two little girls are eating ice cream .
A man gets air time on his wakeboard .
A white guy in the middle of missing another layup .
An Asian performer is dancing with red ribbons .
A guy is doing a trick on a bike .
A person is walking their Boston Terrier along the street when it stops to relieve itself .
Two guys wrestling and having fun at the same time .
Closeup of a hummingbird .
A brown dog and a white dog run along an ocean shoreline
A band playing cello 's outside in front of a group of people .
Boys on a field playing flag football with one boy wearing the red flag clutching the football while a boy with a yellow flag dives to get his red flag .
A man and women are posing for the camera and looking very happy together .
A man in a white t-shirt with blue letters wearing a seat belt has his arm around a girl in a black and white striped shirt and a necklace .
Four people with hiking equipment are standing in the snow .
Someone is parasailing on a blue and yellow parasail .
Two firefighters , fully dressed for action , walking on a busy street .
A teacher is sitting in front of a chalkboard and reading to a group of students .
A woman traveler in blue jeans sits by a curb and waits .
Two men stand near a brick wall while one is holding a few cups .
Fishermen on the beach organize their nets .
A group of medical students dressed in blue scrubs , visitor sitting on the wall enjoy some fresh air .
A man in a baseball uniform about to pitch .
A young girl in a pink shirt sitting on a dock viewing a body of water .
People are walk and running on a bridge sidewalk .
The brown dog is swimming in the water .
A woman wearing a red hat surrounded by trash and sitting outside of a building
Two men in shorts , sleeveless shirts , and sandals hold plastic cups of iced tea in front of a clock tower labeled ' Farmers Market . '
A group of people stand at a farmers market on a dreary day .
A person is driving a black two-door sedan down a road next to a freight train 's cars .
A man poses for a photo in front of a Chinese building by jumping .
A man is walking outside while a airplane flies by .
A young buddhist monk looking towards camera leans up against a roughed up column .
Three female bikers travel swiftly through a school zone .
A man with eyeglasses taking a self portrait .
A man in colourful shorts reaching up to hit a volleyball .
A man in a cowboy hat is sitting down and reading a book .
a young boy diving through the water with his eyes open .
A group of people eat near a campfire .
A guy with a blue helmet stands on ropes above everyone else .
A woman happily opened her gift and discovers a KitchenAid blender .
Two gay men in a room kissing .
A professional soccer player in light blue is challenging another soccer player in blue and red stripes for the ball .
A man in a red shirt is about to eat a taco .
A female in a store leaning on groceries .
Two men and a woman outside an urban residential area .
two men grapple up a waterfall .
A man stands on a forest footpath winding between several nearly-identical tree trunks .
A pensive young man of Indian descent , sitting on the ground resting against a tree , with other people engaged in conversation in the background .
Colorful strips of color hang in the concourse of a mall above an escalator .
A shirtless man making a meal while camping on the beach .
Five people standing on a stage , getting ready to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting .
A man standing by a train holding a bird .
A woman bartender serving her customers with a smile , a dancer is in the background .
A man is smiling as he presents a playbill or pamphlet to photographer .
Young boy rests face down on a leather bench .
A man in orange holds soup ladles and makes a funny face .
a old woman capturing photo standing by the side of a man
A small dog with long hair holds a snowman toy in its mouth .
A man creating woodwork outside on a city bench .
The man fell asleep during work or class .
Two girls are putting a chemical in a bottle .
A man is vacuuming the rug in a child 's room while a toddler does the same with his toy .
The young boy with the blue shorts is stretching .
a man smiling at a construction site while laying bricks
A mother holds here baby on a sidewalk with her young daughter at her side .
People crowd the streets and browse through markets along the street .
Men in casual attire browsing an outdoor fish market .
A young woman wearing a headscarf is hanging laundry on a clothesline .
a lone skier jumping on the side of a snowy mountain .
A group of people , some of whom are standing and using chopsticks , surround a table which is laden with plates of food .
A girl is amid many candle lanterns .
A bicycle stunt person midair performing a trick with fans watching .
A colored boy kicks a ball while two other boys watch .
Two people enjoying a drink next to there bikes .
A young girl in a bikini is standing in a building with people around her , while she is holding a red bandanna .
A man standing in front of a shop that is closed wearing a bag and eating a yellow Popsicle talking on his cellphone .
Bum sitting on a couch next to a bridge .
A group of men and women are praying outside .
A white boat is cruising near a large city backdrop .
Patriotic parade with a woman playing a saxophone and wearing an Egyptian hat .
A woman wearing a white shirt , blue shorts and black shoes is holding a tennis racket .
Three people are riding longboards down a hill in full leather suits and helmets .
Woman with dark hair exiting a cab in an asian country on a busy street at nighttime .
The German Shepherd dog is running after the white dog while they both are running on the grass .
Foods and beverages on display in a Japanese marketplace .
Adults take a group of kids to an active outdoor area with lots of trees , where they watch a man play an ethnic instrument that he created .
A crowd of girls at a concert .
Boy wearing a gray sweatshirt playing with a toy airplane .
An old man in a long black coat stands on the street .
Everyone is waiting in line outside the building .
A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church .
An older man with a gray beard and a floppy hat holds up a thin object towards the camera .
A blond cowboy is riding a bucking bronco at the rodeo .
Four pink and white tulips gaze up in stair-step fashion to the light , as women sit in the shade at the side of the building .
Two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .
A little girl holding hands with her ice skating instructor .
A man with a white jacket is holding a black book .
Two medical professionals are assisting a small , elderly lady in a wheelchair , while another lady watches .
Children sitting in front of a Christmas tree with presents in their hands .
A boy hugging a bumble bee character
Two men , one playing a purple guitar and the other playing an accordion , sitting on stone steps .
A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign .
A man wearing red shorts is holding onto the rocks beside the water .
3 shirtless guys are in an inflatable raft .
A man wearing red is driving an old fire engine .
girl on a bicycle going down a street .
Children push concrete blocks on a cart .
The cowboy holds on to the bull who is desperately trying to throw him off .
Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling .
The basketball player is number 21 from Miami .
Three people are shown living in poverty .
A dog carries a large stick in its mouth over the grass .
A gathering where many people are holding Canadian flags
Four men socializing on a sidewalk .
A toddler sitting on a green and white striped blanket in a very grassy area .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
Many asian children made a train under a viet nam sign .
People shopping at a fruit stand .
A crowd of people appear to listen to a speaker while a man and a woman talk behind them .
A coach talks to a football player during a timeout .
A girl in a blue gymnast outfit is jumping and doing the splits .
A black , brown and white dog with his tongue out is in the snow
A man and a woman smile as they dance .
The woman is holding onto a huge rock and has red string around her .
A man in a blue hat rests his head on a blue and cream bag , with his leg up , while looking at an out of focus woman in a field with yellow flowers .
Four men are sitting around a table , working on laptops , in a hip office environment .
The men are removing the netting from the enclosed area .
Two women with bags sit on the sidewalk and talk .
Two people are walking up the bleachers of a baseball stadium .
Two friends walking and talking with headdresses on .
A man wearing a brown cap and cutoff camouflage pants is leaping in the air on a bridge while several other people walk behind him .
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting .
Three girls wearing goggles are jumping into a swimming pool together .
Two young boys putting fruit on the bike .
A man in an orange hat starring at something .
A white dog in a brown collar drinking from a spigot .
Rollerbladers in cone lanes wait in front of a Volvo dealership .
People standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .
A white dog is standing on its hind legs with a ball in its mouth .
A four player band plays on stage .
A kid shouts while two women converse with each other .
What fun this is being caught in midair on a bike .
A man in a white shirt is sitting on two chairs in a boat
A girl with a pink headband and blue shirt is drumming on blue plastic and metal bowls with chopsticks .
A man in a red jacket is skiing .
Looney Lenny the clown making balloon animals .
Woman in red kneels to help sitting bride put on her shoe .
The red skirt of a female dancer swirls while her feet and her male partner 's feet dance on concrete .
A young boy holds a sword and fence with a dummy holding a similar thin sword .
A little girl in an Orange butterfly costume holding a brown paper bag talks to another little girl wearing a purple fairy costume .
A black man and woman , and an Indian woman in a blue-painted room .
A man in a pink shirt is crossing his legs .
A man in a white shirt with glasses is typing on his MacBook in front of a fashion ad with an attractive woman .
A waiting and growing crowd gathered on the far side walkway of an urban street .
A man in a black shirt kneads dough in a white tub .
Three people stand on a stark black stage next to a black chair and a guitar .
Man in blue shirt leaning over a big shark .
Father is pushing his son on the track .
Two dogs , one brown one black with a yellow toy , black dog has mouth open and brown dog has the toy .
An elderly man is sitting near a window , with several bottles of beer in front of him .
A girl in a red shirt holding a girl in a blue shirt who is holding onto the top of a cinder-block wall with one hand .
A hot air balloon just off the ground surrounded by people .
A man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man 's hair .
a couple is walking down the street while passing a man who is looking back at them .
A guitarist and a drummer are playing music .
A toddler in a toddler seat eating what looks to be an ear of corn .
A wedding party poses for pictures on a swing set .
a man standing outside of a restaurant .
The bulls take on the Hawks in the NBA march madness .
a young girl and two friends are playing .
A cook in the kitchen is preparing food
Three women pose for a picture together .
A group of people are outside next to a house with a straw roof .
People standing around a busy outdoor market .
A man wearing a red and black robe sitting on a diving board .
A man breakdancing in front of a crowd .
A man is holding up a plastic jug indoors .
Two boys wearing red jackets are digging shovels into the dirt , the smaller boy in the yellow boots has a mohawk .
The umpire and others look on , as one baseball player slides into base and the other leaps high in the air .
People with a spotlight on them .
a small boy holding pieces of a map while volunteers watch .
A bike racer in red speeds ahead of a black car .
The woman is holding up the line with the fish that she caught in the lake with her bamboo fishing pole .
Someone putting food on a grill .
A person touches a dog 's tooth .
A man is walking away from tents with the word Camden on them .
A beautiful mountainous view with a couple in the distance looking over the edge .
A group of people standing over a table .
A woman is throwing a javelin on a pink track .
A woman is sitting in something in water .
A man drinking a beer with an intense stare .
Two female toddler-aged children smiling from inside a pile of autumn leaves .
The runner has a paper that says he is number 41 .
Two bagpipers in full uniform stand outdoors holding their instruments .
Runners in various colors running left of photo , with man in forefront waving at camera .
A girl is rollerskating in an emptied pool
In front of a city bus , a woman photographs herself while carrying a plastic garbage bag .
Man walking by a corner market with graffiti .
A group of young adult men are playing monopoly .
A woman wearing a black apron , waves toward the street with one hand while a yellow car drives by .
3 workers work on the side of a building
A man with gray hair and a gray shirt plays the drums .
An asian man wearing a business suit is sleeping on the subway or some other sort of public transportation .
A lot of people are playing on a beach .
People dressed up like the Dwarves from Snow White are prancing around in the street .
A man sitting at a desk at work is looking at a picture .
Quit a few people in some sort of city and one is riding a bike .
A bride throws her flowers over her head to a waiting crowd .
A group of men in uniform and formation carrying trumpets .
A BMX dirt rider gets extremely high in the air while looking downward at his descent .
A man in a yellow outfit , fixing something on the corner of a house .
In a motorcycle race a man 's cycle has fallen over and there are riders coming in the background .
A shot of Kaplans Delicatessen Restaurant .
a large group of people participate in an AIDS walk located in New York State .
A small boy in blue crawls along a windowsill .
Three men with hard hats in front of a large hole in the ground .
A man and a woman are talking to another man , and there is a computer in front of them .
Two men stand in front of a wall with spots .
A woman in a blue coat is standing with her arms crossed .
a boy plays with a train set .
A group of people are at a conference watching a slideshow .
A person taking a jump off a rock on a dirt bike .
a woman in high heels and jeans is standing on the sidewalk .
A female athlete gets ready to run .
Two fencers are battling one another in gym area with onlookers .
Young girls making an art project .
Two brunette women riding a red moped on a street with crowd in background .
Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods .
A man pulling a rickshaw or handcart is sharing a road in China with an Audi and truck .
Man in a red shirt walking beneath a large chair hanging off of a furniture store .
Soldiers unload Christmas presents from a truck , with a helicopter and pine trees in the background .
Man with orange dyed hair playing an electric guitar .
Three men are handling fresh seafood at a dock wearing orange bottomed suits and hats while the sea appears behind them .
Construction workers stand on scaffolding to finish the ceiling .
A man in a hat holding a tool stands next to a horse hitched to a sled filled with hay in a hilly area .
An Asian man in green shorts rides his bike through town .
Dogs enjoy chasing each other in the park .
A dog is performing act at dog show .
Two young adults and a boy examine the contents of a pickup truck bed filled with freshly harvested fruits and vegetables .
performers in costumes are performing at a parade .
A man is getting into a blue cooler .
A man in a black shirt is mid jump on a large rock formation .
They enjoy rock climbing these large rocks together .
A group of five women and girls in bathing suits jumps into the water with their backs to the camera .
German shepards and their owners show off while at a dog show .
A little child with a shovel is walking on a beach .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans spray painting on a gray wall .
A man in costume walks in front of a Maya Shoe store .
Two children sit on an animal 's back .
A guy in football gear is bending over .
A white race car is being driven on a sandy road .
A dog in a car .
A guy and a girl in red shirts cleaning up an alley .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
Older man sits and plays the accordion while young girl watches .
Two young children in gray clothing are coloring with pencils .
A band playing a small gig in Baltimore .
An older blond woman with sunglasses leaning on a bridge railing on a sunny day .
Workers are paving a road using concrete .
A room of Asian students are working in groups at desks in a classroom .
Several men are standing on a city street , and one man in a yellow shirt is approaching a silver car .
Three men all wearing hard hats in front of some kind of metal gate .
Small boy in blue with a bright red ball walking near four bare trees .
A woman is riding a pink bike .
A group of people are watching a baseball game .
Girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar
Young adults relaxing on a sofa and the floor .
A man standing on a railroad track looking through his binoculars at a river .
A guy is looking at a statue .
A man in a black shirt and jeans plays the guitar with his eyes closed .
Small dog seeks comfort from his owner in this shopping scene .
A man on a roller scooter holding on to rope
Two young girls one blond one brunette are puckering there lips and showing a peace sign with there fingers .
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside .
A Hispanic person weaves colorful yarn on a loom .
A young child plays on an electronic device with a stylus
A woman with stunning blue eyes and golden hair with two cherries in each respective nostril , with the stem facing downwards .
An older woman in a bathing suit carrying a sign about immigration .
Two young girls are running through shallow water at a pool .
A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat .
A man with a black smock is getting a haircut at a beach under some palm trees .
Man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .
CHildren doing art projects on a table , with a bicycle and sundry equipment in the background .
A large catamaran sails the ocean .
A woman in blue bends over backwards on the street .
A woman in a red shirt is cooking in a skillet on a stove .
A man with no shirt is leaning on a half-door .
A man in jeans is sleeping with a red mask covering his eyes .
A woman and man are posing for a picture against a pink wall .
Passersby stop at a booth hosted by the American Parkinson Disease Association at a fair .
A person in military camouflage gear is standing next to a red , blue , and yellow inflatable carnival jumping attraction for children .
A little child is sitting next to a beige colored dog .
A woman in a red outfit playing tennis .
A black dog is walking through a stream
Woman in tan jacket standing outside and looking up .
A young girl wearing a dress hugs a woman wearing a graduation cap and gown .
A cat sits near a person wearing long pants and pink flip-flop shoes .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
Newly wedded man and woman jump for joy on the Great Wall of China .
On a beach , a woman in a red shirt carries an orange plastic basin on her head .
A man is pushing a muddy contraption across shallow water with greenery in the background .
Four people play instruments on the sidewalk .
A young man on the street listening to headphones .
Three dogs run through water and grass .
A man riding a bicycle down the street is pulling a large bundle in a cart behind him .
A man wearing a striped shirt carried a white scroll as he walked down the street .
Two males are laying their head down in a restaurant .
A girl in a gray shirt and pink skull cap is standing in a kitchen stirring food in a pan .
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path .
A long-necked bird standing on a rock with waves crashing in the background .
A woman sorting through a bucket of produce .
This image with chairs is very blurry .
The women are selling various colored vegetables on the street .
A red , white , and blue security vehicle is driving down a rocky beach toward some birds on a cloudy day .
A man on a milk crate plays the accordion .
A group of adults are walking .
Crowd of people standing outside .
a boy standing by a swimming pool
A person stands in the snow at the top of a mountian , arms raised .
A baseball player picking up a baseball during the game .
Kids playing ball in the park .
A woman walking down the street past a jewelry shop with a red dress in the window .
A man with a beard and red hat sits down with a drink in a paper bag .
A boy in a blue , playing soccer , about to kick the ball .
A group of African children is sitting on a field .
Man standing on edge of stream while casting his fishing line .
A man in a bright pink shirt shakes the hand of a bearded man in a saffron shirt .
A young girl is playing baseball and is striking out .
Two people are swimming in a large pool surrounding by beach chairs .
A team of boys in red and black uniforms play soccer on a field .
A woman walking down a side street .
A man in a red costume and woman in a bikini are passing a crowd of people .
Two dogs are looking up at a person .
Many people are walking outside of a brown building called Heal 's
A singing group performing outdoors .
Man in white shirt descends a rock cliff .
Woman in a white top and green pants handling green vegetables .
A group of young people performing in a band .
A group of Japanese men in bright red shirts play tug-of-war while an ethnically dressed Japanese man stands nearby and watches .
A person jumps outside .
A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market .
Two soccer players going after the soccer ball .
A man wearing a gray and black outfit is playing tennis .
A young man with a mohawk haircut leaning on a chain while holding some portraits .
A middle-aged man is enjoying a game of table tennis .
On the beach , a woman in a red tank top leans over to look at the yin yang tattoo on another woman 's back .
A man makes a hand gesture while riding a go-cart .
Two men playing a game of pool .
A woman wearing a green paisley headscarf , green pants and a multi color shirt sits on a set of steps next to a blue striped backpack .
Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best .
A construction site tearing apart a wall with graffiti .
A man is standing in front of a building holding heart shaped balloons and a woman is crossing the street .
A man reading and evaluating the nation 's stocks .
A baby is in a sandpit playing with a bucket .
A man shows his happiness near a building entrance sign .
A mechanic is working on the underside of a bus that is lifted .
White male talking on phone with laundry in hand .
A man wearing an Obama t-shirt and holding a coffee cup .
An elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .
A man in a black shirt prepares to perform in front of a microphone .
Several children are in a tree , laughing and with their hands on their chins .
A few people are planting flowers .
The family is checking out at the store .
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign .
Two teams of male sports players are huddled together on a field covered in mud with photographers looking on .
A view from behind and above as a young person of indeterminate gender wearing a denim jacket touches the back of his or her short cropped hair .
A kid sitting on an upside boat by the waterfront .
Two men in safety gear navigate an inflated boat .
A boy is posing next to his scooter .
4 kids sit on a ledge and converse .
The mountain biker is descending the hill on a woodland trail .
Two little boys holding apples near the street .
An overweight lady falls asleep in a waiting room .
Three men are working on scaffolding on the side of a building .
A llama is lead by two people down a busy street .
Men covered in red paste playing chess .
A boy is doing a stunt with his skateboard .
a dog jumps over a fallen tree .
A lady in shorts walking past a graffiti wall passing a furniture store , with tables and chairs stacked .
Two people are dancing with swords .
People are enjoying shade underneath colored umbrellas .
A young boy and a young girl standing near a window on a firetruck , the young girl holding an American flag .
Group of cyclists in riding gear with helmets .
Police officers riding motorcycles in a city .
Two women are sitting in ditches of dirt with two buckets and a purse close by .
Two children running through a walkway with smiles on their faces .
A group of people painting the side of a building in an array of colors .
A group of people looks from below at several balconies , also occupied by people , which are present on the sides of a group of three apartment buildings .
A group of people are seen in a church singing under a yellow ceiling .
A little girl is playing The Derby game at an arcade
A young African boy sits in a dirt courtyard in front of a barbecue grill .
A young girl is walking on the road , while wearing a red and white dress and shoes .
Two surfers catch the same huge wave in the ocean .
A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat .
The boy is jumping off a high diving board into the pool .
A little girl in pink is standing next to a little blond and is looking at cards .
A woman is standing on a mountain , surrounded by snow .
Three men relaxing on a bench .
A fisherman tethered to a dock while someone rides a bike nearby
People walking down a busy city street in the winter .
Two men dressed in yellow uniforms are using a jackhammer in the ground .
A historic-looking building .
A mother is playing with her two children on a seesaw .
A family is leaving a church after a wedding .
Young girl in white dress walks around a fountain .
A group of people is waiting in the rain .
People walking across a lake as a dog swims .
A small child is holding a tire over his shoulder .
A large group of people in a hot air balloon smile for the camera .
At some sort of large gathering , a group of men who appear to be chefs stand in a circle sharing some kind of food .
A woman reads her book at a local city park .
Two man wearing hats sitting on horses .
A dancer in a red costume has her hands raised up to form a shape .
A night photo of a person making a fireball .
A person in a green canoe paddles down rapids carrying oars and wearing an orange and black top .
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets .
A boy performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot .
A woman crosses through the middle of the street to get to the other side .
People are commuting around a busy city intersection .
Three oriental woman and girls buying and looking at small prints in a store .
A girl in a coat and a guy in a flannel shift recline in two chairs smiling at each other .
A man and his children in a boat .
A man with no legs is in a race with his wheelchair .
A young man dressed in black is playing the guitar in a dimly lit studio .
A group of kids playing in a play center .
Girl in red jacket ponders while sitting in an art museum with cubes on the floor .
A young man with a red guitar and tattoos on his arm stands in front of a microphone .
A green sign in several languages mentions Facebook and Twitter , while people talk below in the sunlight .
A choir is singing to an audience .
A black and white dog jumps over a bar .
A woman sits on a bench staring at the amazing mountainous scenery .
Two men are sitting on a couch talking .
Several people , including a man in a pink and black striped shirt who is taking a picture of something off-camera , are in a city park .
The long-haired bride is holding a small bouquet as cars drive by .
A child wearing a red winter hat is standing in the snow holding a snow shovel with a red handle .
People on swings in a city park .
Four men in a karate class all wearing white with two of the men in a fighting stance .
A woman is sitting against a tree with a book in her lap .
A young man dives into water .
Three people gathered around the living room at Christmas time .
Lady washing clothes in a bucket .
A man in a white shirt pulls a line out of the water .
A man in jeans and a tea shirt is scrubbing an area of the floor with a blue bucket and yellow ladder nearby .
A young woman playing with children at a backyard party in the summer .
Old Woman with blue umbrella sitting down .
Men dressed in military garb practice their rounds .
A man in costume looks rather amusing .
Three colorful clowns with ballons posing next to another plastic clown .
A man is working on the sidewalk .
A little girl is talking to her father while she is waiting to eat .
A man surfing as a boat is being driven nearby .
There are three women wearing different dresses and headbands dancing in the street .
One rugby player holding a ball is getting hit from behind by another player .
Two young women in sunglasses lying on the grass .
A small boy climbing a backyard play set .
Young boy wearing denim shorts holding a window screen .
Children are playing soccer on a rocky beach .
A man wearing a balloon hat and a grassy shirt holds up two large paper dolls .
A man flirts with a woman in a white tank top .
Two Indians in their native clothes making shoes .
A baseball player swings to hit the ball as an umpire crouches behind him .
A dark-haired child in swimwear laughs , sitting before a glass table .
a woman performer on a stage with a microphone .
A small child is running on the shore of the beach surrounded by birds .
Two young men stand in a room holding technical equipment .
A very young adorable baby who has a long-sleeve shirt on that says i am the boss , is crying and upset .
A street performer plays the acoustic guitar .
A biker is doing tricks on his bike .
a person bending over a child in a restaurant
A child holding up action figures .
A blond woman with wind blown hair on her phone
A lady posing in front of a camera is wearing jeans with her thumbs in each front pocket , while lady wearing a green shirt is watching from behind holding a drink and snack .
A man in blue shorts is at the beach and is making some sand art in the shape of a person .
A man loads trees onto a cart on the side of a road .
A young woman walking by a rolling door .
People walk across a crosswalk .
A solitary climber on snowy , high mountains .
A boy on a bicycle rides the ledge of water fountain while another boy is in the fountain .
A family of six and their two dogs enjoy a walk in the woods .
three little girls one is eating a watermelon and a adult woman reading to them on the grass .
Woman in a purple shirt doing craft work .
A man in an office inspecting a machine .
A man on stage as people watch him and wave arms .
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard .
Three Oriental women sitting on a sidewalk waiting for transportation .
A woman is sitting on a bench next to a person in a wheelchair .
A basketball player jumps to make the shot while another tries to stop him .
A man in an orange vest stands on scaffolding while painting .
A woman shaving a black and white dog .
Four women operate laptops .
A man in a black hat holds a small girl on his shoulders .
Dog catching Frisbee .
A man dressed in bright colored clothing is sitting on a chair on the sidewalk playing an instrument for cash .
A bald guy wearing a black t-shirt plays the guitar .
A person is riding a unicycle on the street with many other people around .
Four construction workers , wearing neon vests , stand at a construction site along with some equipment .
Two dogs in a grassy park playing .
A boy in red pants plays under a tree .
A blond girl looks through a telescope while another girl wearing glasses looks at her .
A small child sitting on his knees on a white tile floor .
Three women wearing aprons , cooking together .
A young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background .
A bride and groom , wearing leis , cutting their wedding cake .
A group of children are forming a train with their wheelchairs .
A woman sitting in the grass hits a ball with a racquet .
A baseball player gets ready to catch a fly ball near the outfield fence .
A group of people trying to sell handbags , accessories , and clothing .
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .
A man is operating some type of vessel .
Two teams are playing soccer while a crowd of people watch .
A young lady toying with her watch .
A small boy is playing with a toy lawn mower in a field of dandelions .
A young girl about to feed a horse an apple with an older girl helping her .
Two man standing in front of a huge fountain with several background people .
Two policemen in yellow and black uniforms are riding bikes .
Several men wearing several different colors are attending a bike rally .
Two women in a chair , sitting at a counter .
A soccer player dressed in white and blue kicks the ball while her teammates look on from the bench .
A man raising both arms while standing next to a tour bus , as two other men stand with less expression .
A man stands in front of a woman who is sitting behind a table .
Here is a picture of a man doing construction work on a building .
A large group gathers in front of a castle .
A girl talks to three teenage boys .
A mother and her child posing for a photo .
A boy and a girl are sitting on a bench looking at something they each have in a small paper cup .
Three young sumo wrestler students stand at attention at an award ceremony in front of a man at the microphone .
A man in a black cap is looking away from a woman in a black and white polka dotted outfit .
A male sword swallower with piercings and tattoos is smiling as he slips a sword down his throat .
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park .
The baseball player is throwing the ball .
A woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
People walking by and stopping to see elephant statues .
a young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down
A man holding a walkie talkie in front of an open green box with controls in it .
a few different small cars racing around a track in the rain
Two men concentrate on drilling an apparatus while on an outside scaffold .
A bus is carrying people while decorated with banners in the colors of the rainbow .
The tan dog runs through the leaves .
The sun sets behind a boat .
A busy street in New York City .
Woman waiting at crossing and looking at something to the left .
Two children riding in a small child 's toy vehicle .
A family of three watching construction going on in their yard .
A man sitting on a statue outdoors , near a woman standing next to him .
A girl in a gray sweater reads .
A brown dog is running across the yard with its toy in its mouth .
A man with a black shirt that says " Genetic Freak " is sleeping on a bus .
This BMX biker gets air while well protected by a red , white and blue helmet .
A young person smoking a cigarette .
People in colorful , multicolored costumes hold hands during a street parade .
Two young boys sitting on a sunlit floor smiling and holding a black lab puppy .
A girl in green with glittery fairy wings holds a woman 's hand as they walk down a path in a park .
A woman in a black short-sleeved shirt smiles at the camera as she mixes a drink .
A boy wearing an orange coat winks at the camera .
A family is standing on a stone bridge and watching the father jump off , there is a forest in the background .
A girl wearing a bike helmet is walking across a mossy tree branch over water .
Two campers testing a camping stove .
a snowboarder gets some air .
A woman dressed in cosplay outside showing off for the camera .
Three people in a room with a woman in a black shirt and neck scarf holding a drink in her hand .
Man in a blue coat holding a sign .
A boy in a swimsuit jumping into water .
The person is wearing a colorful and checkered outfit
Two guys one in a white shirt with glasses and another with an orange blanket covering him it looks as though the man in the orange is getting his haircut .
A man dressed in rags , a pajamas and a hat is taking a picture of himself by shooting at a mirror in front of him .
An older man wearing a black jacket standing outside .
A teen in a striped shirt has his one arm around a man in a white t-shirt and the other arm around a young girl .
A giant goose is waving its wings as it comes out of the water .
A young child posing with Santa and Mrs. Claus .
an indian man in a white costume is talking to three women in colorful saris .
People sit in a lit alcove off a dark street .
A snowboarder , who is wearing a red jacket , black pants , and a blue helmet , is midair .
A lady in a blue and white shirt and blue shorts washing clothes by hand in a water pot .
People are gathered together watching something .
Two women with stethoscopes and a man with a blue hairnet on working tedious over an unknown object or person .
Two people are in a tent near a brick wall .
Cheerleaders in blue clothing on a grass field .
Three people are posing for a picture holding up magazines .
A dog running on the beach
A young girl with blond , braided hair sits in the floor holding a pink toothbrush , with a happy birthday banner on the back of the sofa behind her .
A long , green board that has " lovely " written on it .
Two girls squatting with their backs turned on a beach , examining something that they have found .
A woman holding up a mirror to a child with a painted face at a busy event .
Two men wearing black vests and white shirts and a girl are holding bottles of beer .
The two passengers are seated in the waiting area a couple of chairs apart and yet both seem to be alone .
A young blond boy looks through a camera .
Children climb a tall structure and gather at the top in an obstacle challenge .
A woman skating in a roller derby wearing a red helmet with a white star on it .
A dark brown dog standing on construction equipment .
A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path .
The lady checks off supplies on the list .
An Indian male is drinking something from a clay looking cup .
An American footballer in a red strip is running down the side of the field with the ball .
A brown dog is running through a brown field .
2 poor dirty kids on a dirty street , one of them is sitting on a rock bench .
Three Sailboats going down waterway of a tropical smooth water area .
Men wearing orange safety vest are filling blue bags .
a young woman fishing off a dock at sunset .
a bar with 2 girls and a man sitting on a table
A young man in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him .
A little girl is pushing her scooter through a grassy tree lined field .
A girl is getting her haircut by an older woman with curly hair and a pink shirt .
A group of black people performing in orange shirts in front of a fenced off park .
Two men packaging donuts in plastic wrap .
a couple of men playing street ball .
A man with dark hair wearing a white t-shirt on a street corner .
A man wearing a shirt containing cherries is pulling a cart with bags on it .
Two men standing on a damaged roof .
Skilled worker in plaid shirt works with welder .
An Asian woman peering around a blue doorway .
A group of two women and two men dancing in the streets .
A male with a hat is performing with a microphone .
A man is loaded on to a train in a wheelchair .
A group of people are in a dirt mount , one person is talking on the one , one is taking a picture , and one is jumping in the air .
A man in a blue plaid shirt walks behind people with his dog at the beach
Woman is showing a large Star of David to young students .
Many people are resting on park benches situated under beautiful pink trees that are in full bloom .
Two people swimming in water with a black dog trailing behind them .
A man is using spray paint on a wall mural .
Tan and white dog running in water .
A woman goes over some material in a book with a teen .
Older woman in striped dress , white jacket , walks down street with shopping bags .
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks .
A bearded man in red shirt standing behind the donut selection .
Man holding a sword like a violin and stroking a violin bow across it .
Two wrestlers are held in each other 's grip .
A woman with a stroller is shopping down an aisle in a store .
A child wearing a red jacket is sitting on the man 's shoulders .
A White Castle cashier working at the register with the food preparations in the background .
A woman wearing a bike helmet and a warm-up suit is sitting in the park meditating .
4 people play soccer
There are four people in what appears to be a small blue room .
A young man wearing a tan shirt jumping high in the air on mats .
A man is shaving in a mirror .
Two girls and a guy walk by large advertisement of man with no shirt on .
A young woman poses with a man in face paint .
A Group of hikers resting near a tree .
A man running to help a car from burning after a hot sunny day in Grand Canyon .
A young woman is stretching along the beach .
An older dark-haired woman is taking a picture
A long-haired child wearing a gray shirt , blue shorts and black sandals stands on one foot in a rocky area , behind two others .
A man is playing a violin on a stage .
A young female food preparer under a green , yellow , and white umbrella prepares a fancy meal , with a flambe dish in front of her and a crowd behind her .
Golfer takes a swing at the ball as spectators watch .
A group of people are disembarking from a boat at a harbor on a bright sunny day .
Several men in blue jumpsuits standing in a lot .
A man in blue shirt and pants stands in front of a large sign displaying a yak .
A woman is walking down the street with an umbrella .
A man sits on top of a ladder on a street in front of the Cafe Dante .
Two soccer players walk on the soccer field .
A man in a white shirt , black tie and a large blue hat is leaning over writing on a tablet of paper while other people are sitting around a bar like table eating with chopsticks .
Two women wearing white bathrobes relax on a couch with their feet kicked up on a coffee table .
A boy lifts a log above his head as others workout on outside equipment .
Two women looks over an item at a Chinese convenience store .
A little girl with blond-hair is holding a big blue ball .
An infant girl , in a white summer blouse and yellow skirt with white leggings , plays with a yellow party decoration , surrounded by white paper mache butterflies .
a pitbull running in the snow
toddler dressed in blue and red holding blue and red ball
The back of a man on a red motorcycle wearing a black helmet .
Two soccer teams , one team is wearing green and white , while the other team is wearing black , red , and white .
A young woman wearing a short , orange tank top , short blue bottoms and pink athletic shoes with a large name tag on her front that says " SARAH " is running down a street past spectators and two portable toilets .
Man dressed in suit walks down street with paper bag in hand .
Punk rocker playing the drums and singing .
colorful people and a dog
A man is carrying numerous penguins accross a plain .
A bull runs from an aggressive dog behind him .
A group of four friends meets outdoors .
Multiple women dressed in workout clothes and gloves , taking a kickboxing class .
Two small dogs search the ground for something .
Three teenage girls rolling all over each other on the ground , laughing
A man eating something with a spoon .
A middle-aged man shines black leather shoes .
The dog jumps over the high jump bars in a dog show as the owner looks on .
An old man , sitting , making pottery in front of an audience .
The man with glasses is looking at a sculpture .
A person is standing with an umbrella .
A man and a woman dancing in the street .
Several people are playing outside in the water .
A person is riding an orange dirt bike is a desert setting .
The person is adjusting the telescope .
A man digging dirt with a Case machine .
A performance group is staged in one collective motion .
A woman and a child are waiting outside of a McDonald 's restaurant .
Two people are talking outside of a yellow house .
The back of two men with beanies on in front of a large stone wall .
Two men , a woman , and two young boys stand in front of a large gathering of people outside a building .
A black woman carrying citrus fruits on a platter that is on her head .
Young hockey players play on rollerskates .
A child sleeps on a fold out spiderman chair .
A group of men stands on the corner of a street .
A man in a black shirt and baseball cap picking up trash in an empty lot .
A group of men are standing around .
A group of five men in t-shirts and shorts jog on a brick walkway .
Four kids playing basketball in a gym .
The black woman is laying out literature .
Six boys , one colored , are on the beach where they have dug themselves in holes
Wrestlers about to start a match .
A man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone , another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches .
The Pope and another man in a black suit are having a conversation .
A blond-haired boy wearing a checkered shirt and black shoes is at the lakeside .
A young girl on a train reads a book about train rides .
A man with a yellow shirt and brown overalls is standing behind a table of pastries .
Children with hats made of paper and streamers .
A woman wearing a sundress with flowers on it is walking down a country path carrying a pink bucket .
A man sitting alone in front of colorful building and a bridge .
A boy in a red sweatshirt rakes leaves into a pile .
A blond woman stands behind a microphone .
A woman with a white glove and several others .
Scientists hard as work in a lab .
Two African-American people walking at an outdoor festival .
A woman is taking a picture of kittens in a cardboard box
Some men are sitting at a table , talking and eating a meal together .
A man plays the violin on stage .
A lady speaking into a microphone with a man holding a guitar next to her .
A man hikes up a huge mountain .
A lady is sitting on a small trampoline and is tossing a water bottle .
A brown-haired woman sleeping on a couch with her head on a stack of pillows .
A woman wearing a teal Mexican Serape is dancing with her husband wearing a sombrero and a red and black serape .
Three people overlooking a field , from inside .
A man with an orange backpack in an bushy area .
A tri-colored dog jumps and catches a pink frisbeen that a man in shorts has thrown .
A woman tries to cross the road before a man on a red scooter .
There are lots and lots of Oriental men dressed in identical yellow , gray , and red shirts posing with one arm extended amidst boxes .
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators .
A child stand with an elderly women at the 96th Street subway station .
People are sitting on grass , while watching a stage .
The boy in blue runs with the ball whilst being chased by two boys in red .
A group of people having a meeting .
A crowd of hundreds of people are all fixed on something off in the distance .
A man wearing black jacket poses with a smile .
Group of people walking in the forest .
A snowboarder is grinding on a rail in a snowy , mountainous area .
Three men standing near a large stone sign .
A bald man is playing the bass on a dark stage .
The brown dog jumps up to catch the ball .
A group of people advertising for free hugs .
A man checks his gear while out on a bicycle ride .
A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers
A cyclist is passing by a river with a pillow attached to his bike .
A couple stands in the street with their backs to a large mirror .
Groom wearing black and gray tux and bride wearing a white dress are being sprinkled with flowers .
A group of men on a boat that is tipped wearing helmets .
A young boy is walking on what seems to be a chilly day , though the path he 's on seems to disappear into a sea of green grass .
A group of men and women in a dancing studio , their arms reaching to the sky .
A young boy carrying a stool for a big event in his village .
A glass filled with water is being filled with fish eggs .
Person lays under a concrete overpass .
Group of children , three boys , one girl making faces toward camera .
A dog runs around in the snowy woods .
An old gentleman plays music on the street for money with a young boy by his side .
A child in a blue shirt playing in the sand .
Two men , one wearing jeans and a green shirt and the other wearing all black , dancing on a wood floor .
A man shows off an old fashioned bill .
Here is a picture of someone doing diagnostics on a vehicle in the dark .
A man dressed in a black and gold over coat rides a black and white horse .
A young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows .
A trolley driver is telling people to move off of the street .
Three men in yellow vests digging a hole in the dirt .
A man very high up on a tree .
Two people stand next to a sign that says " HELL " made out of stars .
Old lady making tea before she dies .
Two young children , one in striped top , running down pathway surrounded by ferns .
A man with a pen in his right hand speaks into a microphone .
A girl in a pink dress speaks to everyone over the microphone .
Tents at a fair and people walking by browsing .
Two people are in running race starting position with a long lane field ahead of them .
A bicyclist with a red cap and blue shirt rides a blue bicycle through a pedestrian area .
Two young Black girls are in ballerina tutus performing ballet .
Two officers in uniform chatting in a golf cart .
A dog that looks like Lassie , making a funny face .
A man in a suit talking into a microphone .
A young male wearing a red bathing suit is doing a backflip off of a dock and into the water .
A little girl is using a small green shovel to scoop sand at the beach .
A old man with a cane walks by a blue cart selling items .
A street performer hula-hoops while singing in attempt to earn money from passer-bys .
The little boy is in the swimming pool with an adult woman .
a woman dumping water on a small child who is in a pool
A boy hides among crates of fruit .
An older man wearing ice skates and holding a hockey stick looks at a hockey puck in midair .
The man crouched down as he held onto the parachute that was caught in the breeze .
Three people sit together and consult a notebook while a man stands and watches over their shoulders .
A family is sitting on the couch posing for a picture .
two animals yoked together pulling a plow , with a man behind them .
A young man is sitting on a bench while three other men talk .
Two people ride a motorbike on a road in front of stores .
A group of people with white hats outside cooking .
A man is peeking out of a subway near a wall street sign .
A man jumps over a red traffic barrier with a skateboard .
A native woman holding a sea creature on the beachfront .
A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it .
A woman is using a large loom .
Two men in a van are talking to each other .
Two people in light colored baseball caps looking at two computer monitors in front of them .
Two women are eating lollipops - the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed .
A young boy is frantically staring and shaking his hands .
Two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow .
The bull throws the rider in a rodeo .
A brown dog with very floppy ears runs through a field of emerald grass .
Two Moto GP racers are neck and neck going around a turn .
Warehouse workers enjoying a company luncheon during a meeting .
A group of children play music , as directed by an older man .
One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps .
A man is looking at the camera as he is about to solder something on a computer chip .
Five dancers with their hands above their heads wearing foreign costumes .
A group of about eight people wearing different colored , numbered sport shirts are all sitting very close to the ground on what appears to be go-carts or specialized race cars .
A female jogger wearing red .
A group of rock climbers climb a rock wall in a forest .
A mother and daughter walking on the street , passing a man reading a newspaper .
A tourist guide smiles for the camera as she hands out a map .
A young woman wearing a black and white striped shirt looks at a necklace that another woman is holding up .
A woman in a blue , tan and beige striped shirt is smoking .
a woman standing her small apartment deck which overlooks an alley .
Construction worker performing maintenance .
Doctor treating an injured patient .
A woman , covered in a red and blue shawl , smoking a cigarette , eyes closed .
A young boy rides a bike down a snow covered road .
A man is at a microphone entertaining a crowd of people
A group of people getting out of a van .
A tattooed man with a white dog jumping up for a stick .
A child playing on a swing set with construction workers in the background .
Orange , brown and white and brown dogs on grass .
A student at a 2012 graduation is shaking someone 's hand from his seat .
A young boy paddling in a body of water on a small floating vessel near the shoreline .
A group of people gather to talk about relationship issues .
A woman in a white dress , a man in a green shirt , three other people and a child are visiting inside a home .
A man with facial hair and a red and gray shirt tugging on a piece of rope .
An elderly woman in a blue shirt speaks with a male with her hands on her hips .
A group of police officers in riot gear .
There is a woman in a denim mini skirt laughing among a large crowd of people gathered together .
Four men and two blond women sitting around a table .
A drummer is playing in front of a sign that says SXSWO in a tent .
a man wearing white cleans dirt from the ground with a hose .
A young man dressed in a black shirt and pants is coming out of a grocery store with an anonymous piece of food in his mouth .
Four women competing in beach volleyball beside a large body of water .
A man in a white sweatshirt and dark pants stands close to a girl in a pink sweatshirt and blue jeans on an escalator .
A man dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building .
One man in a cherry picker doing his job .
Two men playing guitar at a concert .
Asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing .
A little Asian girl in a red jacket is climbing on the back of a little Asian boy with a green and plaid jacket .
A small child in a red shirt stands in the middle of the street .
A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass
A person on a bike is midair , twisting his body around the handlebars , with graffiti behind him .
A lot of people are sitting near the Space Needle .
A stocky lady in a yellow shirt holding up a sign in Spanish .
A young woman , carrying a bouquet of flowers , is stand near a fence with three cows behind it .
A baseball player wearing a blue shirt is running toward a base .
A child is sitting on a railroad sign .
A town street is filled with people along with shops .
A number of people cross in front of the top of an escalator .
Girls in the aftermath of a rainstorm continue on their way .
A rugby player runs with the ball whilst being supported by a line of backs .
Skateboarder doing a trick at a skate park .
Four people are waiting inside the Psychic Readings by Mrs. Lillian shop on the street .
A young man with a script tattoo on his right forearm smokes a cigarette and holds a rolling pin while standing in a dirty , compact kitchen .
A man running in a red shirt and black shorts .
A young girl celebrating her team after winning world series in the world finals held in texas .
A man in a reflective vest is climbing aboard his work truck .
A man is standing near a bicycle .
A boy standing next to large fountain , with an office building in the background .
A man with a firecracker with a crowd of people behind him watching .
Female friends gather their dogs outside in a fenced area .
A young woman in business casual kneeling and young man sitting at a computer .
A cook is making a dough and pressing it between 2 wooden things .
A group of people taking turns on a wooden , homemade Ferris wheel .
Guy in jeans and black jacket walking along grass and trees with the city in the background .
Many people walk away from the camera down a cobblestone alley .
A person in a multicolored jacket smoking a cigarette inside the driveway of a building .
People white water rafting .
A woman in short hair is raising her hand .
Woman in fur coat , hat , buying flowers .
Two young children , a boy and a girl , are riding bicycles with training wheels .
A girl with black hair and jeans is lugging 2 large pumpkins in a red wagon behind her .
A bride and groom dancing while covered in money .
A group of Muslim men lined up praying in an urban area .
Big thighed men in short shorts are huddled together on a field .
A young girl in a plastic red firetruck at a fancy shoe store .
An older man with bushy eyebrows is speaking into a microphone .
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean .
Three men grilling on a front porch .
Three kids on a grass field , one of them searching for food in her mom 's purse .
A black dog in a red collar splashing through the water .
A child naps on a rock in the middle of a steam .
A man with crazy hair is sitting with his fingers in his ears .
A little boy wearing a blue baseball cap is sitting on a dock overlooking the water .
An old medical patient getting some sort of eye treatment while lying on a hospital bed .
A mother sitting on a cobblestone street giving her baby a drink .
A boy with goggles swimming .
A man in a bright yellow and orange safety vest is showing a white architectural model to four people sitting at a table in a room .
Two men pause on a rock while hiking in barren terrain .
A snowboarder jumps off of a jump .
Three kids in a golden chariot being pulled by six little dogs .
A red-haired girl is jumping towards a swan .
Two ladies at workout in mother nature .
A man examining something under a magnifying lens .
A man wearing a leather jacket standing next to a tall building .
Two women are shaking hands on a tennis court .
A gyro chef is preparing food in the kitchen .
A man in blue , outside on the walkway kneeling down holding a yellow model airplane as if it can fly .
several young children dressed in yellow stand in front of an adult while the one in the middle has a purple coat and looks at the camera .
The football player jumps into the air to catch a football .
A man is leaning out of a window to paint some decorative iron white .
A red tent in front of a brick building is serving passersby on the brick road .
A young man in a black and yellow jacket is gazing at something and smiling .
A man in an orange shirt and blue pants standing underneath trees along with other people around him .
Two people doing yard work .
Young man in red hoodie and professional digital camera , hands on top of his head , in an empty building , with graffiti painted on the white walls .
A lady with brown hair in a pink shirt sleeping in a car .
A man in a red shirt make a skateboard jump on a ramp with graffiti .
This person is making ice cream cones .
Four people are holding signs of protest while cars pass behind them .
Three people laying on a beach together staring out at the ocean .
A group of greyhounds race on a track .
An elderly woman wearing a blue hat is sitting on the sidewalk chopping something yellow on a board beside her .
Two people clearing the ground in a garden , in preparation for planting new flowers .
Young girl practicing her pan flipping skills .
A group of men in hard hats traveling over the ocean in a small boat .
A woman holding a cart while wearing a cow hat and sunglasses .
A boy is playing outside .
A person is swinging on a circular swing at dusk .
A man in a work uniform using a tool to remove ice and snow .
Workmen on a scaffolding inside a brightly lit tunnel .
A kid jumping into a pool of water .
Two women 's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches .
A bike rider is in the air and spectators are looking on .
three men ride in a dark blue car .
Two people walk towards the water at the beach , one with a backpack , the other carrying a bag .
Three men on horses in a rodeo ring , the paint closest to the camera bucking the closes cowboy out of his saddle while he waves his hat and looks at the camera .
Two girls are picking yellow flowers on a bright sunny day .
A biker patiently waits as his friend bikes ahead of him .
A hiker in snowshoes out for a walk in the snow pauses to look at the camera .
A mom works out in a nice looking garden .
A woman is looking at a building .
A large dog looks up as he swims .
A man in black is singing into a microphone behind a green light .
A woman in a black jacket is making a rug .
A small child in a sweater , jeans and rain boots walks along the beach .
Lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair
In China , workers in the field carry out their tasks as the sun sets .
Young man skateboarding on a retaining wall in a suburban area .
Three men are enjoying watching their kids run around on the grass .
The white team hits the puck , but the goalie from the purple team makes the save .
Two men are attending to a flower bed .
A boy in a red shirt is fishing with three of his friend on a bridge .
Older black man handing small blue object to group of younger black men , outdoors .
Factory workers are steadily completing their jobs .
A woman sitting at a loom .
A man on a horse tries to rope a calf in front of a crowd at the rodeo .
A chubby woman with her boyfriend .
Man wearing an purple shirt working in a biology lab .
A little boy is wet from playing and screaming from the streaming water while holding a toy puppy .
A man is smoking with two fingers near his mouth .
Two small children play after a swim .
A large brown dog is jumping into a pond .
A family walk up from the shore of a beach .
Three Arabic men riding on the back of a car going through a market area .
Six children , sitting on a step with notepads and crayons .
A distored image of a man drinking a green liquid in a mug .
A man in shorts is chopping wood outside a teepee .
A person with a cap and belt fishing in the water as the sun is setting .
Two ladies hugging each other and enjoying a nice laugh .
A biker in protective gear is riding through a countryside with cliffs .
Two kids on the beach digging holes in the sand .
A man in a bike race wearing red and black shorts and shirt pedaling around a corner .
A brown dog smelling a gray dog 's tail .
Man setting up a white tent .
A group of people are standing on a high place looking off .
An enthusiastic little girl showing her skills on the drums .
A child wearing lab goggles works on an electronic device .
A fun jam session with guitarist , drummers and piano mover elderly man to dance away .
One solider in sunglasses and protective suit is being attacked by an attack dog .
A man stands at the peak of a mountain and has his hand on a monument .
There are three women dressed like angels .
A girl skips rope .
Two paramedics are tending to an injured person .
A man stands in the rain outside Swan restaurant .
A young lady wearing blue jogging pants is enjoying a jog on a nice spring day .
Three children wait at a table for a cake to be sliced .
Mother and Grandmother playing with children .
A woman walking while wearing a red dress and red shoes .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track .
A man and a woman are walking in a street .
A young boy sits on the ground looking on as a woman looks toward a man dressed in a maroon jacket and dark pants leans against a pole .
Two men volleyball players in light blue uniforms spiking the ball over the net during a men 's volleyball game .
A man is sitting in a chair in front of a Ben and Jerry 's machine .
A group of people stand outside a bar at night .
Here is a picture of Asian dancers performing a new dance in front of their class and teacher .
There are three people standing on the rocks beside the sea .
A group of soldiers in silhouette against an urban skyline .
Two girls , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .
People standing outside a Papa John 's pizza store .
A man in a black shirt sitting on the floor fixing a bicycle .
Man using a loom to make something .
A bongo player wearing a red shirt playing in a band .
A person with a blue coat and white furry hat is sitting by a building , holding something in her blue and black mittens .
A brown-haired little girl is jumping through squirts of water .
A man is standing inside a laundry room , pointing to a button on a washing machine .
A man is sitting on a motorcycle , license plate number 66197 , and a red helmet is on one of the handlebars .
An man with a green shirt and white shorts is playing volleyball .
A woman with a green shirt and a woman with an orange shirt posing with outstretched arms
a man with very short hair and a green shirt displaying a large hammer .
A woman in a red coat stands with a small child on a street corner .
A girl is climbing on some bars at a playground .
An adolescent boy sitting on the water 's edge is feeding a goose in the water , a loaf of bread .
A building with people outside .
An African American boy peddles a bicycle in front of an elaborate gold gate .
A dog jumping over a stick in the yard .
A young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .
A white male wearing glasses is blowing a bubble in a house .
A woman talks to her friends while sitting in a restaurant .
A guy in the air doing wakeboarding .
A man wearing a black shirt and gray pants is in a large grocery store pushing a shopping basket in front of a candy isle .
A boy with a t-shirt on that says FROG ! stands leafing through the pages of a book .
Young women and children in a village , with a single woman focused on the camera .
A woman is holding a red lamp .
A dog drinks water out of a water fountain .
Three dogs affectionately playing
A woman in an Asian style hat standing in front of a table covered with goods .
Two well-dressed men chat .
A man with reflective safety clothes and ear protection drives a John Deere tractor on a road .
A woman and three children walk with blue shopping bags .
A black boy dressed in black shots and shirt kicks a soccer ball on sand , while others watch .
A guy riding a motorcycle on one wheel .
A child in a red coat looking through the lens of a metallic blue telescope .
Three well dressed guys enjoying a social event .
Group of cheerleaders in white dress dancing on a basketball court .
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river .
A policeman sits on a motorcycle .
A person falls toward a large group of people holding a cloth " net " .
Members of a marching band , clad in blue with painted faces , perform on the street .
Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth .
a woman is in the pool with two young children wearing green floaties .
A woman is browsing in a bazaar
School children walking home after a rainstorm .
An older woman in a brown sweater removes her glasses while three other people in front of a red wall converse .
Fresh vegetables at the produce market .
a black and brown dog jumping over two white and purple stiped poles
A few sledders are chased by a dog .
A brunette in a striped tank top holds a drink .
A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl .
A young child in green shoes , blue jeans , and purple jacket rides a bike on a sidewalk .
A man smoking a cigarette and wearing a NY baseball cap is looking down at a camera .
Four children , in uniforms of two different teams , are playing football .
A man sits as a man behind him washes a bus .
Three jockeys mounted on horses ride in race .
A man with a mustache wearing a black and red plaid shirt plays guitar .
In what looks to be a run down place , a man is pouring a white substance into a steaming pot .
A girl jumping from a diving board into a pool
Children in a field at dusk .
A woman balances a small child on her hip .
A boxer is practicing making hits by targeting the gloves of his partner .
A woman sitting on a bench on the sidewalk .
Two dogs running , one brown and one gray
Two rafts overturn in a river .
A gathering of what appear to be tourists mill about on an urban plaza that includes a large fountain showcasing a tall sculpture with a nautical theme .
Four men , in uniforms are in the process of moving an old style canon along a dirt path .
A man is walking down a street wearing a large hat .
A child and a dog running across a grassy lawn .
Three workers are working on their assignment .
A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football .
A shirtless man wearing bracelets and a garland , carrying a pole .
A skateboarder jumps on brick stairs .
A lady wearing a hat and red shirt is staring at some ingredients in an outdoor market .
3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants
A motorcyclist with a backpack traveling on his blue bike .
A lakeside hotel with three people rowing a boat in the lake .
Three men sitting on horses in police uniforms .
A woman weaving on a giant loom .
A man is doing a flip while an audience watches .
A person is in the middle of an archway on a brick floor .
A woman sits next to a smiling young girl , both seated at a table for a meal .
A young boy is hanging head down in a tire swing with gravel beneath it .
A man crouches while doing chores , as pigeons wander in the background .
A white child brushing her hair .
A man in a blue shirt reaches for a large wooden block .
The man with the cowboy hat and blue shirt is taking a break from his work .
Man with a yellow coat and a cardboard sign .
The three dogs are running around near the shore .
A child in an orange t-shirt is riding a green bike beside a pathway .
A man is barbecuing hotdogs while 2 other men eat in the background .
This Asian man is drinking a beer and watching a guy grill .
A little toddler in blue pants is crawling on the road .
Two speedboats , a white and a red one , seem to be racing each other along a body of water , with a cast green forest in the background .
A man in a parking lot with the tailgate of his truck down so he can sit on it .
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop .
A woman in a hat and a man look out at the water .
A wedding party standing on an indoor balcony as the bride and groom kiss .
A young child wearing a Pokemon shirt and holding a box outside in an urban area .
A rodeo rider holds tightly onto a bucking horse .
An older woman is showing a younger woman how to play the piano
A group of people look on as a large bunch of swimmers plow through the water near the banks .
a giant art piece in the middle of a busy city where people come to see it
The woman in the purple with a pin and clipboard is waiting for the young lady answer .
A man in sitting in front of a large Calvin Klein steel advertisement with a long instrument .
A young boy tilted forward in a child 's swing .
Two motorcyclists round a curve along a racing track , in close proximity to one another .
A tan dog rolls in the grass .
A woman sitting down talking on the phone .
A little girl putting a red ball up to her mouth .
A man in a dark shirt is in the foreground of a street with an emergency vehicle and a box truck .
A woman wearing bike shorts , gloves , a blue tank top , knee-high socks , and tennis shoes runs in a race down the street .
A man in a dark blue jacket sitting on the sidewalk making flowers and birds and attaching wire to the bottom of them .
Young women in dresses standing on a stage
Native man fishing in a dugout canoe on a blue green bay .
A robed woman stands in a village market .
A little boy sitting among others in crowd with a curious look upon his face .
An infant is crawling on a wood floor , with a water bottle laying nearby .
Two women by the fence while a child runs towards them .
Two females are getting ready to walk upstairs in front of graffiti and behind a station announcing " downtown " .
A lady with cowboy hat on walking .
A little boy is sitting on a toy giraffe with his finger in his mouth .
Sand is kicked up as two animals run .
A man in a yellow tie and shirt is making the " hook 'em horns " sign .
a man with a bunch of metal objects stuck to him .
A group of workers in orange vests are unraveling an orange hose in a building .
A man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder .
A man reaches into his pack for a cigarette .
A girl is helping a girl try on a white dress .
A tractor is moving dirt to help build up a retaining wall .
A man walking with no shirt on and wearing sunglasses .
A woman focused on a needle point project .
A large crowd of people are gathered in the street .
A man wearing a red and white uniform throws a pitch from the pitcher 's mound in a game of baseball .
Police officers patrolling a beach .
Man sits on sofa holding a sleeping baby wrapped in a blanket
Two men wearing black and white outfits are practicing a martial arts move .
A boy runs on colorful lines .
A young blond-haired boy is going down a red slide .
A man in an orange shirt is taking a picture .
A young child is trying to discover his way .
The man is digging to find something important , gems , gold or other sort .
Couple kisses while sitting on a bench next to a river while others are seated adjacent .
A man wearing a black coat walking past a fence .
A man is standing in the ocean and holding on tho the rock .
Male painter climbing a scaffold being set up by a building .
A bearded long-haired man walking on a street carrying a garbage bag .
A baby plays chess as a cat looks on .
A man is wearing black and white while looking at what a woman in gray and white is holding .
A woman cooking on the outdoor grill .
A young man in a blue dress shirt plays the trombone .
Someone is sitting on a wooden bench holding the picture of a face up in front of their own face .
Two dogs play with each other in the dirt .
Wow how cool , but also how scary that looks .
A black dog and a brown dog close together .
Two children playing in the snow near a stack of logs .
Three Little boys hold hands and jump into a pool together .
A man wearing a red shirt and green cap looks on .
A young girl wearing baggy clothing looks at a manikin from outside the store .
A child holding onto the tail of a fake alligator .
A young boy about two years old lays on the hardwood floor at christmas time playing with a yellow truck as a dog sniffs his head .
A young woman is jumping by a child 's lawn chair .
A cowboy holds on to a brown stallion during a rodeo as bystanders watch .
Three swimmers swim in their respective lanes .
A man on a bike sells scissors and other supplies in a country within the continent of Asia .
Two women are in a kitchen working together to load the dishwasher .
Three dogs are running on the grass .
Our little model is wearing the colors for Spring white and pink .
A woman wearing all white clothes and large sunglasses stands in front of a purple bus .
A family is living in poverty .
The man and the lady are wearing glasses and sitting in red chairs talking to John McCain .
A little boy sitting on the shoulders of a man .
A crowded carousel surrounded by parents with baby strollers sitting on a bench .
Marathon runners are cheered on by thousands .
A young lady is getting ready to sing into a microphone .
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object .
A motorcycle is parked in front of a pool of water .
A skateboarder , in a black shirt , attempting to perform a trick next to a body of water .
People walking down a busy street in the middle east .
A little boy wearing a green and black t-shirt with a character on it and A the word " GIDDAY " on the front , holding something in both his hands looking towards the sky with a baseball cap on his head .
A man from China lifts heavy weights at the 2012 Olympics .
A man aims a gun at a target .
A uniformed man stands next to a door with arms raised in front of his face .
A white man wearing a tie is shaking hands with a white , blond-haired woman , while a woman dressed in bridal attire holds flowers and looks towards the man .
A basketball player hanging in the hoop is attempting to high-five the referee .
A female in blue jeans , a florescent yellow shirt and a hard hat is climbing a tree using a piece of orange , yellow and red equipment .
A woman in a lavish orange dress dances with a man in all black clothing .
A young girl asleep on a woman 's lap after a day at the beach .
A modern sport archer draws back an arrow , taking aim .
Five men on the beach are pulling a sail out of the water .
Little boy is at a trampoline place .
Two moped enthusiasts , one of which is wearing a purse , have a conversation on the curb .
Two men with backpacks wait .
A four person band playing a song .
Five young women are in a room interacting with one another .
Battling between the sexes , who will win .
As a young man picks up and holds a machine gun a boy a little older than him is putting a hat on his head .
A man wearing suspenders and a dark blue shirt standing on top of a firetruck .
A man sits on a bench with a white dog nearby .
A young man in a black hat and white t-shirt is suspended in their air on his skateboard .
A man in a red outfit and black helmet is performing a stunt on a bicycle .
Men working on construction project .
Two motorcycles parked in one parking space .
Brown-haired woman walking and staring at camera .
A man in a straw hat is sleeping in a grassy area .
Amid the mountains a young man , wearing a white top , dark pants and a dark blue scarf , stands atop a rock .
Two people dressed in athletic clothing walk down the street , while the taller of the two is holding a basketball .
A man laying on the ground , stairs behind him , a tree in front of him , and pigeons are surrounding the tree .
A man jumps into a body of water in a deep basin in a tropical area .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
A young child sits on a bench with his helmet on and skateboard under his feet .
A man and a woman are holding string instruments .
Three elephants , each carrying a group of people , walking through the water .
A woman in a small top and wearing bracelets drinks from a bottle outside .
A woman in a blue outfit is sitting on a bench with suitcases in front of her .
two little girls sitting at a table are listening to music and drawing .
A horse and rider jumping a small fence .
A man , with his shoes off , is kneeling on a rug .
A couple in a town where tourist are visiting but they are unhappy .
Dressed in colorful garb , musicians play for passersby .
A group of people sing and dance at a concert .
A teen breakdancing while his friends watch .
A man buying a hotdog at a hotdog stand on the side of the street during the night .
A man dressed as a woman is wearing a swimsuit on stage while a band plays in the background .
A man is standing by rocks and water and is holding a stick .
A woman wearing a blue vest seems to be in a very messy area .
A young girl wearing pink cleaning rocks in water with a toothbrush .
A male soccer player has his foot extended as if he has just kicked the soccer ball while the ball flies through the air .
An art student uses a blue Sharpie to create a pattern on thick , white poster board .
A brick covered road is outside of a large tan building with a cm studio sign .
A person feeding a strawberry to a turtle
A woman wearing a p blouse walks up a flight of stairs .
A group of guys play instruments outside .
A soccer team is holding up one player in victory .
Two men with brown shirts are working on building a brick house .
A view of a crowded city street .
A man is standing by a city street holding a saxophone .
A woman is holding an Asian child and smiling at the camera .
The guy in the white uniform has a basketball in his hand .
The ball carrier is being tackled by a group of opposing players .
A man is asleep sitting up on a plane wearing headphones .
A man wearing suspenders working on a roof .
A blond-haired boy sits in a fetal position on a pile of rocks , his finger on a crack in the rock .
Two woman , both sitting near a pile of poker chips , are playing cards .
A brunette woman taking a picture with a red umbrella .
A group of middle eastern men are walking down a street in front of a building .
A girl is playing snow bowl is about to throw .
A girl is sitting on a rock next to a waterfall .
A man plays a guitar outside in front of a Jagermeister banner .
A man wearing sunglasses , a cap , and a blue shirt with a Superman logo on it is walking on the sidewalk holding a stereo .
Two kids playing with each other outside .
There are two people in glasses sitting in a restaurant .
An wedding party poses for a picture .
A man in a red sweater sitting at a table with plates , bowls and glasses of water on it .
Two men with dark hair wearing glasses and black shirts eat bread while holding their hands up to the camera .
A man in a striped shirt taking pictures .
Children enjoying coloring time .
A young girl is rock climbing a man made rock climbing course .
Lady in a kitchen wearing a black scarf and making sushi by hand .
Two female tennis players smile .
A little boy in a gray shirt stands between two seated women .
The man is skiing down a snowy hill .
people take a picture of their dogs on a stone wall .
Three young African boys in water .
Two girls eat sprinkle covered ice creams at a park table outside .
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud .
Person 's foot resting on fluffy black dog .
Family enjoying ice cream on the boardwalk .
A girl wearing blue water googles is being splashed in the face with water by a fellow swimmer .
An umpire watches as a baseball player slides into home .
A boy is laying on a grassy slope and a girl is next to him reading .
A middle-aged man soaks up the sun in a public park .
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle .
A man in glasses with a beer and fire
Someone is driving an orange motorbike along pavement .
Boy playing with leaves in the woods .
The back of a woman in costume ; little girl looks at her
Two little children wait in a highchair to be fed .
A skier descends the snowy ski slope beneath the ski lift .
A man is looking at a shrub .
Two dancers on stage in a club .
A crowded street full of Asian people .
Person hiking up a grassy trail toward a large hill .
Two men and a woman are sitting on a patio with a black grill in the foreground .
Spectators dressed in bright colored clothing watch as man dressed in white pants and barefoot blows a ball of fire .
Two men are staring at each other , wearing country-specific uniforms .
a woman walking down a cobblestone path .
A man and a young boy are outside of a goat 's pin .
A ballerina strikes a pose against an outdoor wall and window .
A woman walks up a path that cuts through cultivated plots while balancing straw on her head .
A man wearing a pilot uniform is bending over towards a suitcase outside of a set of steps leading into a plane .
Three men in jackets are sitting on a park bench .
Three men standing under a large red and white sign that reads Arrivo .
A child bowling at the bowling alley .
A man with a black mustache cuts meat with a large knife .
A man in a white hat is cleaning a display window at a restaurant .
Child running on the beach .
Family sitting on tractor loaded with hay near the water .
A young boy smiles while holding a tube of toothpaste .
Woman in dress walks in the middle of the street .
A man shovels snow from his steps .
Two women walk down a busy street together .
An artist with blond-hair and a red shirt is working on a sculpture .
A gymnast wearing a maroon and black outfit has just completed a routine and is posting on the gym mat .
Motorcross jumper in mid-flight beneath a gray sky .
A man in a red jacket stands near a yellow kayak .
Four people are playing a grass field next to a parking lot .
A family with young children sits down outside .
A boy is running towards a yellow soccer ball .
A man and woman walking down the street .
The dog is running full speed through the meadow .
Marathon runner running in the city .
Three men riding a bicycle , tow of them are wearing a helmet .
Two women in bikinis swimming .
A bicyclist is in midair on a cloudy day .
A man standing in a crowded area .
The chef holds the microphone close to his mouth , as he removes the lid from the dish , exposing the cuisine inside .
A man jumps highly in front of a fjord .
A large musical band stands on a colorfully lit stage .
An athletic person is performing in an Olympic game .
A group of Asians with baskets of produce are squatting in a vegetable market .
A group of people rest on a rail in a shopping center .
A crowd of people walking around on an old English-style street .
Two men at the curling arena .
A young child lies on his back on concrete slabs .
The tan dog is chasing a ball .
A group of kids and adults admire colorful print artwork in a museum setting .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a dress having a conversation while drinking .
A man in a sweatshirt holds a hammer and smiles .
Swimmers by a nearby wave along with one surfer on the wave .
A woman sitting at a table in a bar .
A man in a blue rain jacket fishing during a rainstorm .
A woman on a trike and a team of dogs .
Two people grocery shopping at Walmart .
A young girl poses for a picture as her reflection is caught in a puddle .
A man recording himself on his laptop while tying a tie around his collar .
A woman wearing a tank top is lighting a cigarette while sitting with another woman .
A woman in blue stands on a cliff 's edge holding a shopping bag .
A man and little girl in a pink life vest and red flotation device swimming .
A male basketball player throwing a basketball into the hoop .
A van is overturned in snow while police and firemen assess the situation .
People wait in line for a show in the evening .
A woman sitting on the sand at the beach , with a furry animal in the foreground walking towards her .
Someone is preparing a meal .
Two people stand on the side of a large white and red boat .
A dude is wearing gloves while doing laundry .
A person on a snowboard jumps over a cliff in the snow .
A woman wearing a yellow blouse is walking on a city sidewalk while a cab whizzes by .
A woman wearing a blue workout outfit is on a treadmill , looking down at the screen , with a water bottle in the cup holder .
A child jumping in the air with his or her shirt flying open .
A man with a black mustache sits outside in front of a large brown door on a white chair .
Two people rest on the apparent third level of a structure .
Two young boys sitting on stumps next to a creek on a sunny day .
A young boy about to hit a ball with a baseball bat .
A shot of a building and sidewalk , people are visible in the distance
A girl wearing purple lean over the edge to reach for the ducks .
A crowd watching air balloons at night .
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom .
A man in glasses and a blue shirt reading a laptop screen .
A three-man band performs .
A child in a blue sleep suit plays with a red mop in a red bucket .
A tennis player getting ready to backhand the ball in a tennis match .
A man in red ski jacket graceful skis down a snowy slope .
A girl lays on the sidewalk with her arms and face in the grass .
A man sits in his car , with his arm resting on the door .
Three men are sitting around a picnic table , one of which is using a laptop computer .
Grocery store employee , dressed in a red apron & a baseball cap , sits on a ledge in front of the store .
An Oriental woman is walking down a crowded sidewalk , carrying two yellow shopping bags .
A group of people are congregating on a street corner .
The crowd is watching a soccer game .
A football player is kicking the ball while the opposing fans watch .
A man and a woman are standing in the ocean kissing .
A man walking next to a little boy wearing a backpack .
A football team is doing push ups while others are running past them .
Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys on stage .
A man in a purple shirt is about to talk to a man in a white shirt with suspenders .
An elderly woman in a white sweater has stopped to look at some pastries from a man and a woman .
A yellow dog plays with a soccer ball .
Five young girls with backpacks sitting on a green park bench .
A couple pose on their wedding day .
Men in safety vests standing in front of a poster of a mannequin in the same safety vest .
Stevie Wonder is performing on stage at one of his many wonderful concerts .
Great day to take a dive into the water .
Two men sit at a table on the sidewalk under a francisco street sign
One man in a white shirt constructing an industrial sized sink .
A person wearing a helmet and racing gear is jumping a four wheeler up a dune .
Four young men in shorts are walking along a beach on a partly cloudy day .
A skater is jumping in the air over some stairs at night .
A child stands ready with a baseball mitt .
a man shows off his exibit to many people .
A dog is chasing another dog carrying a toy .
The boy is swinging from this swing set .
A woman in a brown top with glasses is standing in front of a chart .
There are many participants in this bike race .
A curling competitor lines up her next shot .
A person wearing a pink shirt with helmet on is falling off the bull .
A man in an airport waves at the camera .
A young baby with a pink hat and jacket holds a snowball in a snowbank .
A baseball player slides into base as the baseman catches the ball and the umpire observes the play .
Two children dressed in black compete against one another in a martial art .
A woman , carrying several multicolored buckets together , is poking boulders at the water 's edge .
A woman is using a laptop in a restaurant .
A woman wearing a black shirt with stars on it holding a bag in her hand .
One shirtless tattooed man on scaffolding with black pants .
A man with beard is standing near a door .
People jumping in beach clothing on a beach with their arms raised .
A man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background
Woman wearing maroon sweater carrying guitar in the woods
A woman takes photographs at an aquarium while an employee walks by .
Two men in sunglasses and hats are sitting .
There is a man in a striped shirt deep in concentration while in the background a woman is singing or talking into a microphone .
A man in a white robe leading other people in a line dance of some sort .
It is relaxing to sit under a tree on a nice day and sketch your surroundings .
Many people , including a man on a bicycle , are crossing a busy street .
Grayish dog is playing Frisbee in the yard .
A crowd watching a dirt bike race
Woman in a green dress standing on a street with cars and bicycles behind her .
A man in black is kissing a woman in a white wedding dress while a man in the foreground takes a picture .
A person wearing a hat takes a picture while its snowing .
a person on ski 's looks from hill over snow covered landscape
A dog runs over a stick in the leaves .
A couple prepares to drop a small white ball into a tube attached to a wooden stick .
Two Asian girls with bleached blond-hair sitting , one in baby doll type clothing .
People sailing in a boat named Sydney .
Two men stand behind a table with electronics on it .
A man prepares a billboard for display
Men sitting on the side of a brick road .
Several people are sitting in a dining area with blue lights above them .
Two men are surfing the waves .
Bikers riding their motorcycles in a motorcycle lane amid a bustling city .
An older couple dances while a brass band plays .
A black dog walking beside a pool .
Two young children in life vests paddling a blue kayak .
In a science museum looking through a telescope .
A young man wearing a sweatshirt is working construction .
An african american in sunglasses and a white tee-shirt smiles .
A blond man looking rather lost at a music festival .
A group of people are walking in the fog toward a creepy house .
A man wearing a black baseball cap turned backwards is in front of an advertisement for smoked herring .
A tired looking Hispanic man in a white long-sleeved shirt sitting down .
An elderly person wearing a robe sitting on a stool at the bottom of a stairs .
A beagle looking over his shoulder as he stand on a sandy slope .
A young buy kicking in his karate gi next to another child .
A man in a white shirt and blue jeans walking across concrete .
Female tailor working on a piece of cloth .
A man in a yellow t-shirt holds a large camcorder .
Two elderly women are looking into a display case of items for sale .
A person in a red jacket with black pants holding rainbow ribbons .
Airline customers await their luggage at a luggage carousel .
A crowd of people are walking toward a red sculpture , outside on a side in park .
A man stands in the street .
At sunset , a young male is attempting a skateboard trick .
A woman in an off-white sweater is reading an article in the ' Taste ' section of a paper .
man on a bus looking out the window .
The boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms .
A young man wearing a blue shirt , tan pants , white helmet and inline skates gets photographed doing a trick with a beautiful blue sky backdrop .
Two Indian students looking at book with adults beside them .
A man in a blue jacket is in focus and a man in a green shirt is in the background .
A bunch of kids run on a school play field .
A bald man wearing a jacket looks at icy sidewalk .
Two boys , one in an olive green shirt and tan shawl , and the other in a navy shirt with a light tan shawl carrying an axe , are outside .
A woman with feathers in her hair and a henna tattoo on her face is looking off-screen .
A man climbs up the side of a steep rock that overlooks a river .
A man in period clothing stands behind a bar .
Two young guys with goatees shaving their heads with razors .
Two small girls , one in a blue and violet dress , the other in a red striped outfit are painting with red and yellow on a piece of canvas in the street .
An overweight elderly woman is waiting in line behind a man with a shaved head with a gray shirt and black pants and there is a man looking through a newspaper on a stand that says Echo in the background .
Guy in a green shirt sitting on stairs in front of a statue of a lion and a man .
A soccer team with green uniforms and their coach are huddling .
Skiiers walking up the hill through a forest .
The man on the side of the road in his black jacket waves as we pass .
Teenagers , dressed in sporty clothes , lift a bald man , holding a soccer ball in celebration .
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles .
A boy in a black hoodie is sitting on a step that says , " moose RVS. "
People are dancing in front of a man performing his guitar .
An old bearded man in a tank top enjoys himself .
A man laying in the grass under a tree .
a man riding his bike in traffic
A man is doing a wheelie on a motorcycle while stretching his legs outwards .
A baby with an airplane on his shirt sits in a highchair .
Three women , one in yellow and purple and two in black and white , are playing rugby .
Three younger males riding in city transportation passing brick buildings on their right side .
A baby holds a game control above its head and laughs .
A man on a bicycle drives by a large white Christian building .
Two white dogs play on the green grass .
A young man is sitting at a desk in a messy room .
A woman grasps the back of her head as she swims amongst the fish .
A man is using a blowtorch outside .
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck .
Two dogs , a golden one and a white one with black patches , are running towards something .
Man doing a skateboard trick .
A drummer playing a red drum set .
Man with a T-shirt and helmet sitting on top of a motorcycle .
A young smiling black man is hammering a nail in a piece of wood in front of a shed .
A chubby child finger painting on a concrete floor .
A man emptying a wheelbarrow
A kid looking over a carnival booth counter at the various toys .
Two people relaxing by the tree enjoying the gorgeous view of the mountains .
Two children , both in red jackets , are playing on the stairs outside .
An adult female and three children are in a canoe with one of the kids rowing the boat .
Catcher on the ground , runner making base .
A lot of people running through a sprinkler .
A woman in an oversized black shirt plays a black and red guitar in a musky room .
An actor getting his makeup done by a female makeup artist before a performance .
A person in a blue jacket stands on the edge of a mountain .
Two guys looking at the screen of a tv while one sings , ( presumably ) and the other plays a set of big wooden drums .
Ice sculptures take on a whole new meaning in Alaska .
A dog and person doing an agility course .
Three females talking in front of a Sallie Mae banner .
People pretending to be pirates .
Several young men compete in the 1 meter puddle hurdle .
A woman in blue jeans selling eatables on the road .
A woman in pajamas hangs laundry on a clothesline .
A man in a white shirt and dark pants is walking down a street .
A man with face paint that resembles a zombie .
A bride and groom walk up a stone staircase in front of a stone building .
The Amish group is standing by the fence .
A man in a silver coat and hat sitting on a bus .
The boy is playing UNO .
Two young boys are holding green marbles .
A young girl on a swing .
A man climbs a flight of old wooden stairs on a building .
A woman in a blue sweater , looks out of the window of a public transportation vehicle .
peoples in under the building
A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap .
Two men lie on the pavement in Speedo swimsuits .
A man in a large red truck .
Woman meticulously working with a sewing machine .
A girl with a gray tank top standing in front of a carnival ride .
The large brown dog sat on the bed surronded by wrapping paper .
Two men are crouched to the floor and look at 4 dogs play inside a cage .
people walking through lobby with patches of daylight and shadow reflections .
A woman walks along a boardwalk
A woman carrying an object on her head and in her hand going through town .
This girl puts the bird in snow , and eats it later .
Man in red jacket giving a thumbs-up with one hand a holding ticket in other .
A man in a green shirt seasoning food on a grill .
Old woman with a white sweater and shawl standing at a shopping center in London .
A woman in a red coat is crossing a busy intersection
An old man with a hat and sunglasses is playing an accordion .
Two workers in reflective vests are taking a break and sitting down .
A line of protesters are walking in the street , holding signs that say " Our Children , Our Future " .
A group of people walking along a tree-lined path that has portable bathrooms on the side .
Wet woman walking through water near a large waterfall .
2 people one wearing a blue shirt the other orange taking a bike ride in the country with a beautiful orange sunset behind them .
A city worker sweeps up the ground at the top of a set of concrete stairs .
A boy climbing a tree ; smiling for the picture .
A teenager reading a book in class with notes on her desk looking bored .
In a modern building , employees cross paths with the janitor with an orange trashcan .
Policemen ride motorcycles through a crowd .
Several people in yellow and black uniforms are lined up carrying drums .
A crowd standing in a room with their backs to the camera .
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball .
a couple of several people sitting on a ledge overlooking the beach
Women wearing bohemian dresses are dancing in the forest .
A group of children are refilling their water guns while a little girl watches them on a swing set .
People strolling through an indoor market .
Girl poses on couch on suburban lawn .
Two shirtless guys playing the beach volleyball .
Four individuals walk down a street , with two holding hands and one holding a guitar .
Five men , one wearing a white shirt standing on something , hanging up a picture of a child .
A parade of bagpipers walk through a city street .
People who are in a music class playing the violin .
Two kids having fun burning dad in the sand .
Three men are compacting soil in preparation to pour a concrete slab .
A man is giving a presentation using a projector .
Speakers in a room full of people sitting in chairs .
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on its hind legs .
Some males are dressed in costumes in a hallway .
A child runs through the grass .
Two woman , wearing dresses and sunglasses , sit near a tree .
Two girls sit in the grass while a boy kneels on top of a soccer ball .
A man is performing a physical feat as people walk by and watch his performance .
The man in a dark blue shirt is squeezing a bottle filled with a gold-colored substance .
Three men are playing basketball .
A little shirtless boy holding an inflatable ball with butterfly designs and green and orange stripes
A motorcyclist is riding their sponsored car along a roadway that has recently turned .
A female long-jumper in mid-jump at the course .
a man wearing a huge backpack and blue jacket with many distant mountains in the background
A child holding some shoes .
Two men sitting in front of a building and a field of grass in front of them .
a woman in a white uniform is sorting nuts behind a glass counter .
Two people in dark jogging suits walk with a group of participants in the Race For The Cure .
A woman holding a bicycle and a boy holding a skateboard near a sidewalk .
A woman in a striped sweater is standing on a hill .
Two women with dark hair and glasses stand in front of a building .
a young man on a white surfboard jumping over a huge wave
Three men work on a piece of equipment .
A small boy playing with a blue toy train on wooden toy train tracks .
A woman holding a camera .
group of men climbing a pole in the water surrounded by a crowd .
People walk by the construction that is occurring in a city .
A group of pedestrians walk down a city street .
A man is power washing the sidewalk outside of the White house .
A person in a wheelchair looks at a large painting on a building .
In this photo , a guy is dressed up talking .
Two men in keffiyahs stand next to car in the desert and wave at a passing vehicle .
This man is doing some pottery while the child watches .
An individual in blue pants is standing on a step ladder while two others look in the same direction as the man on the ladder .
A barefoot woman in a white skirt and purple shirt is buying something from a cart vendor .
A person is dirt biking over rocks and water .
A woman checks her cellphone while sitting at a table with another woman .
A small girl in an orange dress holds her rag doll up against the gate .
A person holding a net is standing in the water .
Two dancers wearing mainly black prepare to dance .
Three women enjoying a balloon joyride .
Seven people are posing over a structure that extends over a watery area and ocean .
Two dogs , one black and one white , face the camera in a field of snow .
A woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces .
A shirtless man wearing white pants holding a newspaper sports page .
A woman in turquoise dress and veil , a woman in orange print dress and blue veil , and a woman in yellow dress and violet veil , seated next to one another and viewed from behind .
A man looking out of window with flag over her head .
Two older females taking pictures with their camera while another older female watches .
Two chefs cook Asian food in woks in a large kitchen filled with smoke .
A young male baseball player in a red number eight jersey throws the baseball while a teammate and an opponent watch .
Three cricket players in mid game .
A game of soccer where the opposing team in trying to gain the ball back .
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks .
A man wearing a vest with numerous buckles and goggles on his forehead looks down at a woman in red and black striped pants who is wearing lace gloves and holding a toy gun .
Two hikers are climbing through a rocky and snowy passage in the mountains .
A bald man is standing in a crowd .
Workers wearing hard hats and face masks process waste .
White man sits at a desk drinking coffee and writing things down .
Several children run around a courtyard in matching outfits , waving a flag .
The man in white is in the parade .
A little girl is reading a children 's book on the couch .
A bride and her wedding party stand in front of a lighthouse and water .
A baby with green headphones on is waving at a large crowd of people .
A group of people going for a hike .
A wetsuit-clad surfer jumps a wave .
A man in a gray shirt kissing a woman in a blue shirt at a bar .
A person in a kilt walks along an overpass .
Several people , including a shirtless man and a woman in purple shorts which say " P.I.N.K. " on the back , are walking through a crowded outdoor area .
A group of men , women , and children , all wearing hats , talk on the beach .
A man is holding an umbrella for his girlfriend while observing a street sign .
A man bowling with an orange ball , hoping to get the next strike .
People crossing a street next to a smart car .
A woman in a helmet hooking up to a wire .
Two older boy scouts are standing in front of a microphone .
The girl is being pushed on the swing by the woman .
A woman draws a dog using pencil on a small square .
A nude man is leaping into a body of moving water secluded from the ocean in the background .
A group of people are partying at a masquerade party .
A man who is at bat just struck out on a baseball diamond .
Two white males in a boxing ring , one with black gloves and red shorts that say PRZEMEK has blood spilling from his nose onto his chest and some has splattered on his right forearm , and his opponent is wearing black gloves and white shorts .
A boy and three girls in blue school uniforms walk down a dirt-covered road .
Two country men working on a model train .
A man in a bicycle is passing through a house with blue doors .
Two men practicing a form of martial arts in a wooden-floored studio .
Musicians together in an orchestra .
Person riding a bicycle caught while in the air after doing a jump using a dirt mound transformed into a ramp .
Female baseball catcher wearing blue uniform , and red socks , prepared to catch a ball .
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them .
A girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building .
Young boy kicks the yellow ball into the goal .
A boy in a Halloween costume .
Several men are running in a race with at least 330 participants .
A young kid in a yellow t-shirt plays with some sort of hose .
People are sitting on bleachers in a park .
A large black gorilla peers down at a group of young people from above while the peer inside his enclosure from below .
A Latino woman is standing outside raising her arm with a band playing in the background .
Townspeople gathered for a festival .
A man , a woman with a child in a stroller on a crowded street .
A lone worker dressed in hard had , red shirt , mask and reflective vest , stands on dusty concrete , holding a broom and looking over his left shoulder .
A family enjoys a day at the beach .
A brown dog plays in the snow .
A young child in long-sleeved shirt and underwear is tugging at his waistband while looking down toward the hardwood floor .
An asian woman with a microphone stands amongst a crowd of raised hands .
child out in the woods loading a bb gun
Two smaller children playing with a soccer ball with a rocky background .
Three blond ladies are sitting in the bar drinking .
A child in a black coat lays on the leaves on the ground .
A man trimming a palm tree inside a patio-type cafe ' .
A young boy in a striped shirt is playing with twigs in a grassy field .
During a men 's soccer game , one player is running while carrying the ball .
Person in white shirt and blue jeans , holding hand out with an empty cup in the other , and a liquid mess on the ground .
Two workers in uniform are standing next to some heavy machinery .
A boy riding a bike on a dirt road .
professional motorcycle racer turning a corner
A crowd of people is walking on a sidewalk .
A woman with headphones is walking across the street .
Two opposing baseball coaches shake hands on a sunny day .
A man in a black leather jacket and woman in a red coat and fur hat look into the camera as they walk by .
A guy , wearing a Superman costume and cowboy hat , is carrying a sign about Designer Bags costing $ 10.00 .
Many people at a rally on a sunny day .
A blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod .
Two female riders on a scooter covered in what appears to be muslim garb .
A woman standing in front of a flag is getting her picture taken .
Two sets of street performers performing for a group of three on the street corner .
A man in a black coat is sitting on a piece of furniture in an Ikea store .
A little girl stands in a puddle outside .
A white woman holding a donation check for " Kids Food Basket . "
A man and a woman dancing or performing outdoors while a group of young adults plays instruments in the background .
A man in a red t-shirt rides his bicycle past Eddie 's Sweet Shop .
Several men are working on tiles together while sitting on the floor .
Woman holding baby and pointing at camera .
Some people and vehicles on a crowded street .
a large brown dog is running across sand dunes in front of some small green foliage .
There is a man walking that seems depressed .
A woman slowly designs a bowl with her hands with a clay spinner .
A man waits at a bus stop with a pink lighthouse and a green boat in the background .
A woman wit a white jacket is placing a plate of food on a table with four other people sitting around it .
A baseball player fielding a ball .
People outside of an Outdoor World shop .
A construction worker jack hammering away at the fallen rocks .
A man leans against a telephone booth next to piles and bags of trash .
A middle-eastern street vendor sells drinks to some young boys .
Five ice hockey player from the same team are celebrating on the rink .
A male vocalist plays guitar and sings under the spotlight .
Eight people looking at ruins .
A busy city square in an asian country .
A man in a blue coat walks a small white animal as a buss passes in the background .
One climber is sitting on the rock overlooking the ocean whilst another climber is on her way up .
Two horses are attached to a carriage with a dog and man inside , and a woman standing next to it .
A blond little boy painting .
A woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer .
A young T-ball player takes a swing as his teammates and some parents watch .
Two guys one guy i ridding a white horse .
The man is working hard to use the saw to cut the logs .
A woman is holding a dancing posture as well as her skirt .
A group of women are participating in a roller derby game .
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue .
A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt .
A woman on a gray and white horse is jumping over an obstacle .
A man is at a park and about to enter a large round structure .
A large white greenhouse with a family sitting in front of it having a picnic .
A baby plays with food while sitting in a highchair .
A very agile bicyclist performing some stunts on a beautiful morning .
a lone man climbing high on a snowy mountain .
Two young kids play and run .
A man with a red bandanna over his face looks on as police stand in the background wearing riot gear .
Man hugging his small child at an airport .
A man in a suit is jumping and clicking his heels together .
A teenage girl in yellow and blue jumps in a field .
Two men in blue shirts standing in front of a pillar .
The brown and black dog has his mouth open .
Three men are sitting in a bar .
A man sits outside and plays a red accordion .
A little boy is smiling and wet , running through shallow water , wearing a blue shirt and dark shorts that have designs on them .
Construction workers installing new green seats .
A man is leading a Clydesdale up a hay road , within a Old Country .
A young boy shoots a toy gun while standing next to a bench .
Black dog jumping in the air with white dog standing on grass behind near pile of rocks .
A naked woman lies back on a towel at the beach and reads .
A vendor sells children 's toys as visitors walk by .
A person is coming out of a portable toilet .
Man tossing an onion in the kitchen .
A man stands on a chair as he adjusts a tarpaulin for a booth .
A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs on dirt .
A man playing a green acoustic guitar .
a great Dane climbing a steep hill
A woman with a red umbrella walking in the rain .
A man covered with a red shirt and wearing sunglasses is relaxing on a porch with a newspaper .
A man on a bike jumping on a bike ramp .
Four boys playing in water .
a group of people are wearing costumes
Three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night .
Two people wearing hats are standing in a field tending to a crop .
A woman in costume is carrying a flag in a parade .
Children walking past a cart selling castanhas .
Two woman working in a gift shop .
a dog plays with a toy .
Two women and a younger girl laugh and converse in front of a green tent and blue microphone .
A festival taking place on a street beside a store entitled " De Credito " .
A man rides a bull in a rodeo .
a crowd of people outside of a building with large yellow writing on it
A waitress in a white t-shirt serving guests at a restaurant .
A man is showing off his artistic skills on the wall .
A medium sized group of people pose in front of the camera .
Two Asian women are next to a table that has food on it .
Man carrying produce walking down train tracks
A young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it .
Children playing in water .
Four people in the subway are having fun .
A group of boys are in the street .
Man with glasses and a red and black striped shirt , writing something down .
A man skiing down a hill .
Several people are sitting or standing in a public transportation vehicle
A crowd of people set on a lawn and watch the Olympics on a jumbo screen .
Two men are standing on the street covered in graffiti .
A man sitting at a table , writing on a newspaper .
5 Construction workers wearing yellow vests and blue hats are outside working .
A thin young woman in a green t-shirt cycles by a gray car .
A photographer in a white shirt with a professional camera taking a picture .
A man sits by a red building while smoking .
A man in black clothing looks at music with a tuba beside him .
A woman holding a black purse is leaning with her elbow on the seat of a bicycle .
Two people with bicycles are stopped to try and fix the chain on one of the bikes .
A young brunette male comforting a young girl in a red jacket .
Two men push a food cart through the street .
A boy is walking outside with a coat on .
A young girl moves some suitcases that are near an open window .
At a men 's basketball game , number 55 , in white and yellow , tries desperately to prevent number ten , in black and gray , from making a shot while the rest of the players watch frozen on the court .
Three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .
A young boy is wearing a paper crown while sitting in a grocery cart .
The man is sleeping under a blanket in the street as the crowds pass by .
A young child climbing a rock wall at a playground .
Three men are dress up with some colors of blue , orange and white .
A young girl wearing pink has a preying mantis crawling up her arm .
A man in a uniform with glasses is playing a french horn .
A mascot at a sporting event waves to the crowd .
A man in a white shirt and black bag stands by a tree with a group of others mostly dressed in black .
A dog in clothes is sitting smiling at the camera .
A man in a black jacket looking over the railing of a boat .
A newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head .
A man in a hat and blazer performs on the street with his guitar and harmonica .
Several people walking up a ramp with a blue handrail .
A male cook is using his apron as a backdrop to display the dish he has prepared on the grill .
Two fencers compete in match .
A black dog walking in dirt has a soccer ball in his mouth .
a woman in a orange and brown wrap over her green shirt shovels a brown material into lines on a cement pad .
A person in a white hat and yellow top enters a bus while a man in an orange shirt looks down in the foreground .
A group of people in dark clothing gathered around a man in a black shirt .
A black and brown dog is laying on a white shaggy carpet .
The woman in the picture is having a wristband placed on her .
A man is riding on a horse through water while a group of people on a bridge look on .
Newlyweds stand outside in the train .
Four motorcyclists are stopped on the corner of the street .
Team of migrant workers pull together to gather the days fishing haul .
A dark-haired man is singing while a woman looks on .
A man walks by a silver vehicle .
Woman wearing colorful scarf amidst people cheerfully grins .
Duo Volleyball teams compete in a beach match .
Three young women mingling in a bench .
People are in a ride that drops you from a great height .
A young girl in an orange bathing suit plays on the beach 's shore .
A woman with brown hair and blue pants is sitting on a bench outside of a coffee shop .
Three women in a hospital .
The dog is running in the grass next to the water .
A crowd gathers around to listen to a man wearing Colonial-era clothes .
People are standing by a man with a painted face .
A woman with dark hair is holding her baby boy .
Several people pass by a large , white building .
A man in a blue dress shirt speaks to people protesting in the street .
Two men in a bakery , one in a black cap and one in a white cap , are rolling dough out on a wooden table .
The three ladies stand at attention in their native garb .
Several people in matching biking outfits are standing with their bicycles .
Two dogs are chasing a soccer ball in front of a playground .
Young girl in red dress is kissing another girl on the head .
Old woman chasing away two lambs with a broom .
Two men are riding scooters through a room .
Children at a park .
A young girl wearing bunny ears takes the wheel on a video racing game .
A black dog is running fast on green grass .
A dog leaps onto the red roof of the doghouse .
Two females are in an embrace on the street aside a beach .
Two men in yellow jackets and black pants have medals .
A crowd walking on red brick surface .
Two young men in bathing suits standing next to fence on the beach .
Men do roadwork to a backdrop of brown hills .
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter .
A woman is making sub sandwiches with meat and mustard .
a young girl putting a red ball in a black dogs mouth on the beach
The white dog is drinking mountain dew in the snow .
A lady is fixing another lady 's hair .
Shirtless men hike through a canyon .
A man is climbing a rocky mountain .
A man smiling while holding an acoustic guitar .
An artist finishing a beautiful landscape painting of birch trees and birds .
Number 24 feels it is his turn to score the soccer ball .
Mother with two boys , one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss .
Asian child tries to fly a kite .
A man performing for a crowd .
The small child wades ankle deep in the water on the shoreline .
Three people watching the clouds in the mountains .
Two young boys swimming in a pool of green water .
A biker makes a high jump .
Boy with yellow toy in hand , jumps on a toy on green grass .
A man that is wearing a gray military shirt with medals and a light blue cap with gold on it is waving his arm .
A man is lifting cookies off of a baking sheet at a bakery .
A fisherman sits in his boat repairing his net .
Many people wait patiently in line .
The young boy in green is throwing something up into the air .
A man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day .
A young woman serving a volleyball in a gymnasium .
We drank so much even Uncle Henry was smiling .
A GI relaxes and waits at an airport .
The man in a blue sweater is climbing down the rocks
Woman with child cuddling in her arms .
s large man in a blue shirt and shorts leaning against a van in front of a store called " Terrible 's "
The lady with the shopping cart is surrounded by toys galore and various children 's bicycles .
Several children are around a table with a light blue tablecloth .
Two women take outdoor photographs on a cinder track .
A little girl in a pink helmet is pushing her scooter .
Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle .
A man and a woman being intimate , with their legs in the water .
An old cyclist grabs his camera .
A man , possible a street musician , plays both a pan pipe and a small stringed instrument in an outdoor setting , while a bicycle leans against ivy in the background .
A group of four people are on top of each other and pose for a picture .
A bike mechanic explains the physics of a bike to a registered nurse .
Young women with fur coat and hat walking out of the bar .
Two girls and one man are selling food which was made on a grill by the side of their car on an empty parking lot .
A woman in a black shirt is laying on the ground with a football on her head while someone points at her .
A person is laying down resting in the sunlight .
The boy in the yellow shirt is skipping stones .
A kid wearing all red prepares to catch the ball flying towards him .
A young boy shelters a girl with a black umbrella .
A person is hiking to the top of a hill .
Dog is swimming through water with a piece of wood in its mouth .
A woman and a child are at a crowded airport .
Man playing a game with a young girl .
A man pulling a cart full cleaning supplies .
Two men ride there bike during the race .
Various people are shopping in an outdoor market .
Older man in blue shirt staring down at a beer can in his hand .
A man wearing glasses and holding a cup of tea in his left hand is biting on some food that he is holding in his right hand .
the old people and the young people
A woman with shiny decorations in her hair is waving around purple , blue , and orange scarves .
Two young adults are looking at a computer screen in a large room .
A few students are waiting by a hallway while on their laptops .
A young boy with black hair is holding onto a gun which is secured to a vehicle which is being driven by a young man who is wearing a bright pink shirt .
People are standing while waiting to the exit area .
An high school cheer squad cheering on the bleachers .
A woman in a blue top walks through a carnival .
The woman in the green shirt and her friend are looking at something .
Two women , one with purple hair , holding signs advertizing free hugs .
Woman smiling and looking a man while he is looking in a book smiling .
A woman with short hair and a tank top is holding something up in her hand .
two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside .
Two women walk through a seafood market .
A woman displaying several items of clothing .
A man with a mustache , sitting in a restaurant eating a meal .
Old women sitting on stool is copying a painting .
A group of people dressed in armor are standing on the green grass .
A woman who looks serious and aloof and a man wearing a strange balloon hat are crossing the street at a crosswalk .
A woman is writing on a post-it note that is on a board full of brightly colored post-its .
A young woman in a pink shirt standing on stairs smiles at the beautiful pink flowers .
A man in a orange shirt and green hat playing drum jumping up is the air .
People are sitting at small tables outside .
A woman holding a purse waits as the passenger train passes by .
Five young people are sitting in front of a table with food and are laughing .
A group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head .
A man without a shirt on is laying on the sidewalk .
Two men look at the camera and smile while holding up their glasses of beer .
Several preschool children stand looking through fence bars as two adults look on .
Three people from the fire department inspecting a blue sedan at a Chevron station .
A man cleaning an object in the fountain .
A green Volkswagen Bug and other vintage cars are admired by people in a courtyard .
Man in black on microphone , in band .
A man is standing on a scaffolding doing some work .
A boy jumps into a pool on a bright sunny day .
A BMX rider on the trail .
A woman in a black and white checkered shirt is coloring in a coloring book with a little blond girl .
A group of runners standing in front of a red car in Europe .
A woman and three children .
A man in a red shirt and jeans is clinging to a statue of a winged woman behind a metal fence .
A man is catching a ball in the middle of some sort of sport .
Two men play instruments together .
Two men are in conversation with a woman .
A vocalist installs his microphone for use later that evening .
Three men eating food on a couch .
A group of twenty-something men sit around a table .
A student in a science lab is looking at something through a microscope .
Three people sitting on a brown wooden bench .
Women watch while wearing brightly colored garments .
Several people standing in a kitchen .
A bicyclist near town is racing in a race while , wearing yellow and a helmet .
Two children have dug a large hole at the beach and are filling it with water .
A boy with a whistle around his neck is standing by a lake and gesturing .
Man wearing hippie killer shirt talking to woman with a return of the living dead shirt .
Children play in a pool while adults look on .
A man is observing a small white motor vehicle perpendicular on the tracks against a large blue and gray train .
Three dogs are in the snow , and one is wearing a winter coat .
Two mountain bikers stand behind a large dirt hill while another biker performs an acrobatic trick in midair .
A girl wearing a navy blue sweatshirt is feeding a brown and white goat .
Girl wearing blue shirt singing into microphone
a man wearing blue shorts , striped shirt , and brown sandals stands at a street vendor selling vegetables engaging with a person working there in a sleeveless shirt .
Two tan dogs share a blue ball while standing on a beach .
A man in all black holds on to a railing while a white dog wraps itself about his legs .
Subway workers use ladders to check out a possible problem as a red subway car flies by .
A person selling fruit in a market .
A race car is racing down a road .
A young man holds up a hand written sign next to a woman with a multicolored umbrella .
people are dancing and enjoying .
Man leads a black show horse as crowd observes .
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
A young boy standing in the sand next to a sculpture of a pyramid that made out of the sand .
Females in white angel suits juggling bowling pins .
A woman wearing black addresses a group of people in a tiled room .
A man in a red shirt is curled up on pavement outdoors .
People walking through a downtown mall .
A man in a gray camouflage shirt and gray pants sits under the hood of a blue truck .
A plane flies low over a grassy area where a girl is sitting in a folding chair .
An elderly woman placing a candle .
A large dog looks at a smaller dog who is chewing a blue rope .
Man and woman hugging in the park in the shadows .
A man is sitting in a race car near a woman with an umbrella .
A man wearing a cap juggles a tennis racket , a bowling ball , and a basketball .
boy scouts on a stage with a microphone
War protesters at a rally with a sign .
A small white dog with a blue collar is climbing over a large log .
A group of three individuals involved in an event geared towards epilepsy , singing and performing for a group of people .
A man in a gray shirt jumps over the top of a sand dune in the desert .
Street dancers in blue and red pants .
A baby looks through his crib .
A hockey player is laying on the ice with his stick in his hand as two members of the opposing team eye the hockey puck .
A woman with luggage is standing on the side of a street .
Horse pulling wagon with male bailing hay while three boys look on '
Male in a black shirt boxing a female in a pink shirt .
Bike races preparing for the race .
A musician plays a Hello Kitty electric guitar .
two men boxing shirtless with black pants on
A boy standing next to a small field fire and a boy running away from it .
A woman in a blue hat and gray sweatshirt sits with a dark-haired female doctor while she has an IV in her hand .
One man with a brown shirt and has his arms stretched out , in a city .
Two little girls look over something .
A man with a yellow tie looks concerned .
Four men leaning over a green fence and smiling .
a young boy playing with a blue ball standing on a sidewalk
Five people are sitting inside a building .
A blurred vision of a bike rider in front of a hill top .
Two people enjoying their dinner .
A young man with a jacket over his head contemplating his strategy before his event begins .
A group of people standing outside a newsstand .
Three children in neon colors play soccer while young man watches
A man with shoulder length dark hair sits near the rocks of a waterfront while holding a cigarette in his right hand .
Airport employee dust the floor while standing on the moving walkway .
A man and a woman standing on a city street talking to each other .
Dogs pull a sled in the snow .
A child laughs while tubing down the snowy mountain .
A group of people make deserts outside .
A group of people with colorful clothing walking down the street playing homemade instruments .
Two young women knitting clothing .
Soccer player leaps to avoid injuring an opposing player after a slide to kick the ball .
A girl in a blue shirt takes a photo .
A man in a collared shirt and slacks grills on his outdoor barbecue next to a house .
An oriental man riding a bike with a basket down a wet street .
A man in a striped shirt is fishing off a boat .
A man in a green shirt is covering himself in sponges .
A man and a woman both wearing blue shirts using a camera to take a picture of themselves in front of a fountain as a dark-haired woman passes by .
Many people are utilizing a sidewalk in a park .
A woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet .
A brown dog opens his mouth to catch a piece of food .
A man in green shorts and sunglasses is doing stomach crunches by the beach .
Three young men sit on rocks at the top of a mountian .
Two men out in the water tubing .
An old woman in a pink shirt is leaning over an item-filled table and exchanging money with a man who is wearing a black and sleeveless shirt and holding a book under his arm .
A woman prepares to strike a volleyball .
A woman in a top hat is trying to get into a maroon car at night .
A person rollerskating while wearing knee-pads , helmet , and wrist-guards .
The sunlight shining in from outside gives an ordinary Indian woman a moment of clarity .
A white-footed beagle plays with a tennis ball on a garden path .
People examining a smooth rock face .
Many boys are playing on a basketball court .
A young man and young lady embracing under a covered walkway .
A man with a blue jacket and a red hat smiling on his way to work .
A drummer plays the drums , while wearing a black dress shirt , and black and gray striped tie .
The man is walking the bride down the aisle .
Three people from Vietnam on boats in a river .
A boy , playing in the water , with the sun upon the horizon .
An older man wearing a gray hat carrying a strange instrument standing on a sidewalk .
Two men wearing hats are sitting on a bench in a park in the Fall .
A girl watches a woman , wearing a black apron to protect her clothes , cooking food on the stove top while another girl stands nearby doing an unknown task .
Several children are sitting at a table as a little boy wearing a red shirt with a white design looks towards the camera .
A man and women waiting for a street crossing sign .
woman in black and sunglasses standing in road
Two policemen talking to a smiling man in dreadlocks on a very crowded street .
Two man in front of a scale surrounded by fish .
Girl with arms crossed , a man with a gray beard holding a glass , and a baby sitting on a porch .
Person rides a dirt bike down a dirt hill .
A man is holding a lemon with one hand and a cup of water in the other hand .
A rock climber pauses to look out over the ocean .
Three blond boys playing on metal contraption .
A young man prepares some hamburgers on a grill in the backyard .
The man is wearing a green shirt and blue jeans and carrying a free hugs sign .
Two adult males getting ready for camping or a hike .
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette .
A man in a white striped shirt sits at a table with a dark red tablecloth laden with wineglasses and food plates , where many other people are also sitting .
There are three children carrying tires with one adult standing still and another adult walking away .
Two little boys are at a table with a box of Legos .
Three young adults are in a kitchen .
A black and white dog is running through shallow water .
Six white males playing poker .
A lady in a black jacket standing in front of a lot of different random stuff .
A boat worker holding a rope .
Students working together analyzing their science experiment .
A guy on a skateboard griding down a handrail .
Two people covered in paint stand behind a male who is not covered in paint , all waiting for a fresh fruit smoothie or juice .
A boy slides down a water slide as another boy runs past .
A man in a long-sleeved lack shirt sitting at an organ in a large building as people 3 people look on .
Two young children huddle around a woman on the street between two green and yellow trolleys .
An unfortunate accident occurred at a racetrack , where a horse stumbled and fell to the ground , taking the jockey down as well .
A male drummer and a female singer at a performance .
A bike rider on a ramp .
A girl in black talking on the phone standing in front of brick and a red curtain .
Three U.S. Army solders with a hose trying to put out a fire .
The lady in the blue shirt is riding a bike across a bridge .
A golden retreiver swimming in the water .
Two Asian women , one older , one younger , are surrounded by oriental trinkets .
Woman with a surprised look on her face as she looks at curly hair man .
Boys are sitting on pieces of track .
A guy in a black shirt is laughing at a purple thing in another guy 's hair .
The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log .
Two brown dogs fight over some cloth .
A man throws a green Frisbee under a tree .
A man and a dog are standing on a tree that has fallen over to the ground .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean .
A golden retriever running on short grass wearing an orange outfit .
A man , wearing a black shirt and striped tie , talking on the phone and reviewing paperwork .
Baby in water , held by hands of person out of shot .
A woman in overalls is painting a landscape on the roof .
A young women holding a black and white puppy .
A skier climbs up a snowy trail toward his poles .
A man and a woman stare at the skyline .
A little boy throws a bowling ball down the lane .
A group of Chinese people on a bus wearing matching clothing .
Swimmers kick off at the start of a race in the 2012 London Olympics .
A black dog running in the grass .
A man jumps into the air at the beach .
Sitting at the rear of a crowd of people on the grassy hill , an Asian man plays his shamisen , a Japanese stringed instrument .
Two men , one in a blue uniform and one in a red uniform , are boxing .
Man passing other men on a sidewalk in front of a building .
This is a railroad engineer working on a green and red tourism train in a theme park .
A tan dog and a black dog fight .
A man on a ice rink in hockey attire wearing a # 39 " Huppe " jersey .
A girl on a segue hands out a pamphlet to a person on the street .
Man people in America Revolution era outfits enter a trailer .
A woman , wearing a yellow apron , is taking the lid off of a large pot .
A man is singing into a microphone .
A group of people eating at a restaurant .
A woman is organizing her food in milk baskets .
Two women wearing bare-back dresses look over their shoulder for a picture .
Two people are walking on the street toward a colorful mural on the side of a building .
Woman in green tops is watching the dark clouds .
Three young girls in uniforms stand in front of a whiteboard looking at one another with one girl holding her arm out to another girl while another girl sits in her uniform in front of classroom posters and maps .
A woman in a withe shirt and brown skirt is playing with a large mouse trap type toy involving a black wired track that guides colored balls around a circuit .
A speed biker makes a sharp turn on his bicycle .
Person admires ancient etchings on stone wall .
A young woman builds a gingerbread house .
A young boy swims with white goggles on .
A man playing with his dog on the blanket on the floor .
A little girl wearing red is standing in front of caricature
An older woman is standing wearing a pink shirt and a hat .
A young boy smiling next to the ocean .
An African-American man wearing a blank tank top is dancing .
A man sits beside parked cars on a city street .
A man with a backpack and a walking stick explores a mountainous terrain .
Children are in a classroom setting learning how to sew on a sewing machine .
Crowd of people around a river at night with bright lights .
The boy is wearing a green cap and holding a black baseball bat .
A woman exercises on an elliptical machine .
A man holds a guitar on a busy street while people look on .
A man in swimming trunks stands in front of the door of a house , looking at a swimming pool , out of which , directly in front of the diving board , a pair of feet are sticking up out of the splashed water .
Two Asian women talking and having drinks at a small round table .
A woman in a red dress and a man in a blue dress pose together for a picture .
A couple relaxing in a paddle boat on a body of water .
This woman and man are having a conversation .
Two little girls , one in a purple dress and one in a red , polka-dotted dress , are running around an area covered in paving stones .
Girl sitting on the ground in front of white huts .
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth .
Two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work .
A guy relaxing in a lounge chair in his sunglasses .
A baby hanging in a baby jumper on a deck by a sea port .
A man with a humongous abdominal section is sitting on top of a bench near a car .
Surfer performing one of his moves on a nice sunny day with a scene in the background .
Two people in protective gear welding .
kid running in a fenced in area .
group of people in a circle
Five people are sitting on horses getting ready for a race .
2 men working on calibrating a telescope
A man in a black shirt opening his mail .
A smiling , blond man is eating a sandwich and fruit at a table in a break room .
a young blond man sitting at a table with a brick wall in the background
A man poses for a photo against a white wall .
A street musician is sitting on a street next to a didgeridoo and holding a blue egg-shaped object .
A Sooners football player moves quickly on the field as another player runs .
Two young women speak into a microphone n front of a crowd of other young women .
A man wearing a black hat , buttoned shirt , tie , dark shorts , and black and red shoes speaks loudly as bystanders see flames in the street .
Many people in the crowd look at the stage , some with balloons .
people fixing a palace door .
An older man sitting outside reading a book .
An elderly woman is presenting a cake to a group of kids .
A busy street scene on a rainy day full of umbrella toting walkers .
a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it .
A man in a white shirt standing behind an assortment of meat .
two wrestlers wrestling in a gym .
A group of people are shown skydiving as they fall through the sky .
A bridge is talking to the groom and he scratches his head .
A woman dressed nicely stands happily with her camera .
A girl in a blue tank top is sitting at a table with a red laptop computer sitting on it .
A woman in a blue shirt is taking a nap on the stairs .
Boy in blue helmet riding bike with feet on handlebars .
Two people holding on to each other in front of a mirror .
A golden retriever is biting a branch in a yard .
Older man in a suit draws with foreign children .
A man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face .
Two men and one woman trying to sled in show , using coats and plastic instead of sleigh .
Two white dogs run through the grass .
A bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet .
Man dressed as a gladiator checks his cellphone .
A man in an orange uniform poses in the middle of a street .
A band with two women and one man is on stage playing music .
Two elderly women sitting on a sofa , both have walking canes by them , the older woman has a mug .
An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky .
Roller derby girls waiting for the next round of action !
A smiling baby is standing up with hands on a floral printed couch .
An old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench .
Two women are sitting and watching a man and a woman walk passed them .
A man being airlifted to safety after being in danger .
A man with a tattoo is holding a toddler .
An open outdoor area with a fountain where people are gathered to talk with each other or wait for someone .
Two boys in dark clothing talk to each other .
A dog jumping into the air .
An old man with a hat is painting .
A man and woman jump simultaneously in the shallow water of a beach .
Two men , in safety vests , are in a crane bucket working on telephone lines .
The Seattle Belly Dancers competition contest .
Three helmet-wearing roller-blading children are next to a skating young adult .
A boy is jumping into a pool , and showing a peace sign to the camera .
A few men sprint across the grass in competition with one another .
A man talking to a crowd at a meeting
A person in a yellow helmet on a blue motorcycle is doing tricks .
three men wearing green uniforms are working on a road canal .
A group of three men play mariachi music .
A vendor stands behind her products waiting for customers .
A woman smiles while holding several green peppers at a grocery stand .
A man is being lowered out of a helicopter .
A man and woman sitting on a bench eating an apple and enjoying the day .
A man in a white robe is couching with a colorfully saddled camel standing behind him .
A woman in a red hat sitting on benches in a city courtyard .
Guy with tissue in ear taking pictures .
Several young women with their arms stretched above their heads perform a choreographed routine on a stage .
Two young women are wearing Union Jack skirts outdoors .
Fishermen casting a large net out to sea .
One boy and a girl dressed in snowsuits , jumped in air with hands raised in lots of snow .
A woman searching for cans in the trash to put in her grocery cart .
An overhead shot looks onto a dinner table , filled with sausage and steak and onions .
a child in an orange sweater is playing with a child in blue clothes on a white couch under a red painting .
An old man stands in front of a building front papered with election signs .
A girl jumps into a swimming pool with a guy in black .
One small child is climbing a tree near a body of water while another child walks away .
A woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes , as they rest on a leather seat .
A brown dog is running through the snow .
A man in a yellow shirt and jeans is smiling while running through an outdoor water fountain .
A young girl is unpacking her belongings in her new dorm as an older man helps her .
A man and a boy are paddling a boat .
Girl with dark tanned face in pink on escalator with other people .
A woman is applying makeup to another woman 's face .
An old man sitting in a restaurant .
Children play soccer in a field .
A bride , a groom , 3 guys , and 3 women .
A group of male bicyclists talk outside a bar with their gear sitting on the ground .
A man carrying bags is walking through a door into a house .
It is a party scene of mannequins , dressed in lavish clothing .
A man in a t-shirt , glasses and a National Bohemian Beer cap is looking to his right and smiling .
Two people wearing white outfits sparring in front of a group of people .
Man showing a young boy an airplane .
A group of people is getting ready to board a bus .
A woman with a mic interviews the soccer player .
An ice cream truck serving ice cream to an array of different people .
A man in a store is standing and looking at grocery items .
A man works on the wheel of a train .
An African Boy Is Looking Out From A Wooden Enclosure , He Is Wearing A Chain Necklace .
The woman with binoculars is sitting on the forest floor looking up .
A woman is sitting in the back of a van with seats reading a newspaper while preparing food .
There is a black dog jumping across sand .
An older man with glasses fixing a toy firetruck while an baby girl plays with it .
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling .
The Mother and her child loves to play at the park .
A young man is grilling hamburgers and hotdogs in a park on a sunny day .
A sports team coach , dressed in navy , is pointing emphatically to something outside the picture .
A lady wearing a red shirt is seated next to others on a sidewalk and holding a camera .
A child does a handstand at the edge of a beach .
A person is standing in the ocean fully clothed holding a fishing pole in one hand and a tackle box in the other .
People in a wooded area standing around with backpacks on in the dark .
a young group of girls covering her hair posing together outside of a building .
Young man with black shorts jumping in the ocean waves .
Three children looking into the water on a wooded lakeside .
Two men working on a small engine on a dirt road .
Two children are playing on a playground .
A man lifting bags of rice or grains on top of each other .
Three people on a boat are laughing and smiling .
A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs .
Two women are in a kitchen preparing vegetables in a wok .
A man in a blue shirt follows another man carrying a blue and black bag .
A blond woman is playing the guitar on stage .
A man walking across a crosswalk with long hair , a green hoodie , and a backpack .
A man is standing in the corner of a baseball field , dressed in a white dress suit , having a cameraman pointing a camera towards him .
A group of girls are playing netball .
a young male swimmer , not wearing a swim cap , doing the backstroke in a lap pool .
People exit from a grand doorway .
A man on his cellphone walking across an alley .
A bald man in a white sweater , brown jacket and gray pants walks toward a bearded man wearing a white hat and gray sweatshirt on a street .
Three children wearing white and black ballerina dancing in a gym .
Two referees watch as two martial artists fight .
Young brown children watching something on the internet .
a woman catches a young boy jumping into the pool .
A gray dog with a muzzle running .
A woman is painting a street rail .
A young girl with a white shirt that has rainbows on it eats a pastry
Two men in red shirts appear to be walking on the exterior walls of a decorative building .
An Asian man in spectacles and a t-shirt preparing some food .
People in a plane that are getting ready to jump and skydive .
A man with his hand raised .
A woman on a lounge chair is lying on the beach .
A gray dog is looking at a ball in the air .
The pilot of a plane emerges from the cockpit .
Lady in tan coat walking down the street .
Two men dressed up walk along the street while another man stares at them .
A man working on a train .
A big brown dog runs with a stick in his mouth , and a big black down runs behind him .
A woman sits on a green bench while reading a book .
Two children , a boy and girl jumping on a trampoline with a black protective net in a backyard full of trees .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is looking at the view .
A young lacrosse player is catching his breath .
Workmen under a freeway manipulating a metal cover on roadwork .
An Asian man is carrying a green flag whilst leading a carnival dragon in a parade .
Some people of India having day of leisure .
A child with a water gun being sprayed with water .
A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .
A young lady playing guitar on a stage in a park .
a man dives headfirst into the water .
guy does rollerblading and loves it
Two teenage boy in the park on basketball court doing karate .
A male in a dark colored sweatshirt and standing behind a chair .
Athletic black distance runner finishes a road race .
Shoppers at an open air market bag fruits and vegetables ; there are bins of melons , cantaloupes and apples in the foreground .
A young boy jumping up and down holding a fishing net .
A group of people riding horses in a grassy field .
A woman in a fancy costume is fixer her makeup in front of a mirror .
A child swings a baseball bat at the ball .
Many people in dark cloths are drinking and talking together .
The two band members are wearing hats with yellow feathers .
A group of people , including 2 girls in baseball caps , are standing in a crowd with several people pointing in different directions .
An older white couple ( man and woman ) dance outside on a park sidewalk while a band plays underneath a gazebo and people on a park bench watch .
A young Indian dance troupe performing on stage during a local talent competition .
A rock band plays on a Zune stage while many people watch .
Two black dogs on a snow covered ground , the ground appears blue in the background , one dog is jumping with feet off the ground .
A boy with a black and orange striped shirt is coloring in a picture with crayons .
Man in black and white playing tennis .
A man and a woman walk along a beach barefoot .
A young girl sits on a man 's shoulders .
Two young men in a purple and white shirt running on grass .
A woman with a black t-shirt and hat is playing the keyboard .
A young lady talking on her cellphone while sitting on steps .
A man playing music on stage .
One man sits on the floor in a suit with a folder with documents on his lap while another man stands just out of eyesight with something in his hands .
Several people are in a building looking at several bicycles , and the person near the front has a blue shirt .
Man on a pier looks at two dogs standing in shallow water .
A man is being pulled by a donkey .
Two children with brown hair in a trunk of a car .
a boy with a fishing pole looking down on a lake
Children playing in an outdoor pool as a woman watches from the side .
Two men in the military and a boy posing for a picture .
A man shapes and smooths the top rim of a clay bowl .
Three members of the red team are in the grass with a member of the yellow team .
A man takes off his pants at the top of a hill overlooking the city .
A BMX biker in a white and blue helmet rides in front of some blue and black boxes .
A man in a blue button down shirt addressing a crowd , while the men on stage look on .
Two dogs jumping for a ball , with a third carrying a Frisbee .
A dirt-bike racer taking a hard turn on a dirt course with one onlooker in the background .
Two men , one in blue jeans and one in light colored slacks , wrestles each other while two other men in darker colored clothing watches them .
Three little boys playing with Legos .
a man in green carries his bike in front of a stone building and sign hanging on a fence saying " Rouleur , www.rouleur.cc "
Large brown dog jumps over a low tree trunk in a wooded area .
A girl in a white karate gi jumping from a trampoline over a bar her instructor is holding .
A young couple talking to an older woman on a busy platform .
A young boy wearing rubber boots dark shorts and a checkered shirt is lying down sleeping on stacks of yellow metal guard rails .
Two children swinging on a tire swing .
Construction workers assembling pipe material outside .
A man rides a very small bicycle in a small town fair .
Two men sweeping in an off yellow room .
A man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices .
People pass each other as they walk between the buildings and the trees .
A man is cleaning the ceiling on a tall ladder with a mop .
A yellow tractor plows through muddy , green terrain .
Two men hanging out together .
brown dog holding stick in mouth
4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal
A man in white pants and a blue shirt is kicking a yellow boxing bag .
Two men in white uniforms and blue helmets are playing on a ball field .
Several children are playing soccer in a field .
A woman hands another woman a snack .
A child sits in the large bucket of a machine .
A man and woman are having drinks at a counter whose wall decorated with vintage black and white photos .
A black dog jumping to get a soccer ball .
Several people in the mid-ground sit on a bench along the side of a white building , while three people stand in a courtyard in front of the building .
A person wearing a black wetsuit jumps high above a wave with a surfboard .
A man playing a board game with figures and dice takes his turn .
Dog running through the weeds .
A man puts his hand to his head on a rock wall .
A group of children looking at something off-camera .
A man takes a photograph of a woman near a fence .
A woman in a busy city street under an umbrella .
A african descent male is repairing the clothes using his sewing machine .
Woman weaves on a loom while another woman watches .
Two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed exterior of a new building at their work site .
Four children looking out a window .
A girl with a bikini plays in the dunes .
A soccer player in the field kicking the soccer ball in the air during the game .
two people sit on a bench .
A woman in a medical mask is holding a newborn baby .
A construction worker is inside a tower with lots of pipes wearing a maroon sweater .
A woman in a fancy skirt belly dancing .
Three men are sitting on a bench in front of a rendition of the sphinx in a museum .
two guys , and a young child , having a good time , maybe taking pictures .
A young couple , with the guy wearing a sports t-shirt , sunglasses pulled over his face , squinting while blond female , in a white blouse , wearing her sunglasses , has a black purse strap across her shoulder .
A woman runner in red is getting drenched in the rain .
A man wearing a strange pair of green pants stands by .
Five young people prepare food in a kitchen while watching the television .
A dog chases another by a tree .
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid
A young person in a striped shirt and wearing a hat stairs at fluid running down stairs .
A teenage boy does a skateboard trick on a half pipe while another boy watches from the top .
A Asian man wearing a white top and baby blue bottoms is using a broom to remove the dirt of the pavement .
A closeup of a man that is rock climbing .
a lone person walking in the distance on a long beach .
Kids running in gym class with their teacher .
Two hikers stopping to take a smoke break on the trail .
A woman wears a black hat with an american flag on it and looks at the camera scarily .
Lady in yellow turning corner of a sidewalk .
Two young children holding each other and posing .
A man with folded arms watches a woman sitting on a polished wooden floor scanning six televisions .
Two people standing on a porch .
Invasion guy lying down on a piece of paper on his head a piece of paper on his chest that says Michael holding a pyramid shaped paper
The small dog returns with his stick proudly .
A man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase .
Two children examine a stack of books and games , including the game " Poncho Pal , " next to a piece of furniture .
Six men are pushing a large wooden wheel along the ground in front of an audience .
People are playing amid public fountain jets .
A man in union carries an ax down the street .
Woman standing in a parking lot by vehicles .
Girl in yellow shirt with the number 1299 on it running in the grass .
A group of people on the slopes , a person is skating boarding , and a bunch of people are surrounding him .
Several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system .
A child in a striped dress and a woman in a black dress .
A man wearing a camouflage jacket is driving a four wheeler while pulling a little girl wearing a purple coat and pink hat on a sled .
Two children are in a sack race while a third child watches .
A young boy in an orange shirt considers how he can ride his bike and play kickball .
A lady with a brown bag and coffee talking on the phone .
A man is walking by a pole with a no pets sign .
A man wearing coat and holding a briefcase in walking on the street in winter .
A man in a blue jacket making a funny face while sitting on a bench by a lake .
A young man is listening to headphones on the side of the street .
Nurses stand around a cart looking at a ball and other objects .
An order man in a suit appears to be giving a lecture .
A black and white dog is running through the sand at a beach .
A boy riding a green trick bike over some steps outdoors .
A man in a gray jacket works on a brown motorcycle with a white helmet on it .
Two men in bio-hazard suits saw open a dangerous looking container .
Young male bartender in black t-shirt mixes a drink .
A man in a narrow ally works next to a shop while a cat looks on .
A woman wearing blue standing next to a white car .
A group of people with large yellow fruit in a tropical area .
A mannequin wearing a corset and a woman helping a lady try on a corset in a lingerie store .
A young male gently presses the keys of his keyboard .
A young Asian couple walks past advertisements .
A group of people walk on a trail through the forest .
A young girl in a park throws an object into the air .
Someone is carrying an excessive amount of heavily loaded bags .
Two men and a woman play violins in stage in front of a microphone .
Man with glasses on speaking in a microphone surrounded by a group of people .
A redheaded woman wearing a beret and glasses waits for her laundry to dry at the laundromat .
A young adult with red-hair wearing a green shirt is doing work at a table .
a young boy running through a water fountain
a woman in sunglasses takes a child out in a stroller on the sidewalk .
Two martial artists , one blue belt and one red belt , fight in front of an audience .
A curly-haired child in a white t-shirt grasps the handlebars of a riding toy .
A black dog is jumping over a multicolored barrier .
small boy with a life vest in shallow water .
Two young men are seated on a couch under a banner that reads , PASS SWIFTLY .
A man wearing overalls , an orange hat and a yellow shirt is lying on the pavement taking photos with a camera .
The police are putting up a do not cross line , while many spectators watch .
The man is on his way home .
Two boys standing in front of a hamburger stand .
Young woman holding a bottle , reaching out from a bench to shake a man 's hand .
Two people are in a room , one man is putting on a shirt and tie .
A man in striped shorts and a blue hat is working on a boat .
A group of volleyball girls high-fiving each other in a gym .
A woman stands at the base of a staircase waist deep in water while two shirtless men are splashing around in the background .
Man directing traffic as a telephone worker performs his job .
A group of people in a circle clap their hands while others are sitting in the background .
Person doing tricks on a bicycle in a skatepark .
a dog runs across the grass .
A human statute dressed as the Statute of Liberty stands among a crowd .
Several children at an Asian fair appear to be engaged in a game .
A boy is riding a toy horse , which is placed in the corner of a teal brick corner .
A little boy playing with a yellow bubble blowing toy .
A small white boy wearing batman pajamas is playing with tinker toys and is surrounded by lots of other toys which includes Star Wars and a small stuffed pony with a saddle .
A man holding a guitar and speaking into a microphone .
Two men looking at little white laptops and holding a guitar .
A man in a blue shirt is standing in a doorway .
A man standing and playing the saxophone .
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water .
A man and his dog on the top of a mountain .
A man wearing a blue plaid shirt bites into some food .
Two Runners , being filmed from a motorcycle , while spectator watch .
A brown skinny dog is jumping over a tuft of grass on a dirt pathway .
A young person in a purple shirt reading a birthday card .
Two dogs playing in a lake .
Young boy taking his boots off .
Old man crafting something in his workshop .
A beautiful young woman is holding her purse .
Two women walk along the street while another poses for a picture .
A woman washes a dish in front of a window with the shades drawn .
A man is standing in front of three people sitting around a table .
Waist down picture of a surfer riding a small wave .
An Asian girl wearing a red shirt playing ping-pong with a black paddle .
a guy in a white shirt is sitting between a table and a full suitcase .
There is a man and woman seated at a table with red chairs outside on a street corner while a man in a navy jacket walks by carrying bags .
SUV splashing muddy water in a forest .
A large group of people ascend a staircase leaving a room with oriental writing on the ceiling .
Two boys wearing swim caps are in a swimming pool .
Three men playing baseball .
Two workers stretch the canvas of the advertising billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .
A bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo .
An African American girl wearing cornrowed hair and a black graphic tee stands at a lab desk peering into a microscope - a girl in blue and a blond boy are shown in the background .
A man in a blue shirt on his knees praising a religious statue .
A man holding a red bucket and green hose standing by a horse .
A man leans over to kiss a woman on a bike near a palm tree .
Three toddlers are warmly dressed and playing in the snow in a forest .
Three boys in hooded sweatshirts standing and looking at camera .
A group of people are enjoying a birthday celebration , with two cakes .
A girl is singing and playing a guitar and a boy is playing a percussion instrument
A small child is yawning while hoisted on the back of a man .
A person speeding through a heavily wooded trail on a bicycle .
A man in a red baseball hat , followed by others , is walking toward the camera .
dog with open mouth and a toy close by in the air
A baby sleeps in his walker in the washroom in front of the dryer .
The brown dog splashes through the water .
Six people are jumping on the beach while one of them is holding the leash of a dog .
A woman in a black coat exits a large business building in an austere marbled setting , with an older building flying the flag of Germany in the background .
A man is painting a picture while on the sidewalk of the street .
A man with a rake is sifting through debris from a recent storm .
A group of people sit on a wall above a large bas-relief sculpture and reflecting pond .
A small baby is in a plastic cradle .
An Asian person is sitting in the street on a motorbike .
Firetrucks line both sides of a busy two-way road .
A group of people are sitting around a table in a restaurant .
Two men and a woman are taking shots together .
One woman and two young girls are sitting outside on chairs made out of tree stumps .
Two dogs run over the grass .
one of the young is rising cake to pass on to your partner
A man is riding his bicycle down the sidewalk .
Man in striped shirt kicking a pink and black soccer ball .
A blond woman in a tank top and shorts puts her foot in a fountain .
A woman happy about something .
Naked children bathe outside under a stream of water .
A man with a Navy jacket is peering into equipment near the water .
A brown dog is running outside .
Man sitting alone at restaurant .
A traveling boy looks sad .
Deer and turkeys stand on snow covered ground .
A boy throws a soccer ball from the sidelines in a soccer game .
A small child stands in the snow and smiles .
A trio of young adults sit together while eating and drinking .
Three men wearing hard hats are laying cement .
A person wrapped up in winter clothing jumps up with colorful balloons
A man prepares food in a shanty kitchen .
People walking along a pathway along a lake .
A black and white spaniel gently mouths the face of a toddler-aged girl wearing a red shirt , khaki skirt and black shoes while the girl looks somewhat amused and somewhat disgusted by the dog 's touch .
A little girl is playing on the swings .
Friends walking in a hallway .
Group of kids in the park
Two men handle a gray dog with a blue knotted rope in its mouth .
The man sat on the dirt bike as the sun sets in the distance .
A girl has just jumped into the water as evident by the air bubbles around her .
A boy picking a pumpkin at a pumpkin patch .
An older woman with blond-hair rides a bicycle down the street .
A group of people pass by a subway station .
A young child is in a messy , abandoned room with an old chalkboard and is playing with a homemade toy made by a tin can .
Three people playing in the snow .
A golden dog is running on the grass .
A couple shares a kiss atop an ornate balcony .
A bartender with a white shirt is pouring a glass of orange liquor .
A group of men on stairs leading to a large body of water .
A man in a white shirt and black vest is playing an electric guitar .
A sitting man holding a baby .
A bicycle race is in process , and one bicyclist has his arms in the air as the others have their heads down and their hands on their handlebars .
A woman and a boy on a unicycle .
A group of five workers are gathered around bushes next to a McDonald 's sign .
A man sits playing his accordion and he has a suitcase filled with CDs that he is selling for $ 15.00 .
Two men protesting with signs outside of a Convention center that has a sign that says " eXXXotica Miami Beach " .
A man playing cricket
A man is standing on two ladders , looking scared .
Wrinkled hands work on a hand loom .
An Asian woman with large personal headphones and a surgical mask rides a commuter train while three men , also wearing masks , look at her .
A mother decides to take her child on a piggyback ride outside their apartment complex .
A group of people talking next to one another .
A man stands on one leg while lifting the other leg high , on a beach , at sunset .
This men are marching band playing instruments on streets .
A guy flies through the air on his bicycle in a skateboard park .
Two white rabbits in an outdoor cage .
The men are using hoes to break the soil .
a little girl holding 2 cages one of them is being held closeup to the camera she appears to be at the entrance of a store .
A man jumps his dirt bike at night .
A man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean 's waves .
A woman in black holds a cigarette and a shopping bag , while an older woman crosses the street .
The child wearing striped pants is holding an object .
Many people are fencing on a basketball court .
A woman on crutches watching two street performers jumping around .
Child is laughing and playing around .
Two men one in yellow the other in black riding in a boat on a river , with a bucket and an oar visible .
Two people sit upon large rocks next to a river .
A blond man is waiting at a pretzel and hotdog stand on the sidewalk as a yellow taxi passes by in New York City .
A man in glasses reading a book while soda , glasses and cards share his table .
People walk around outside on a sunny day , holding umbrella 's that have purple on them .
Man gently holding newborn baby .
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence .
Students are taking part in a food day at their school .
Two cheerleaders leaping and waving yellow pompoms .
A group of girls playing field hockey .
A Asian man in a red and yellow uniform diving for the birdie in a game
A woman is walking and carrying a tub amongst some sand dunes .
Three female soccer players collide when trying to headbutt the ball .
A woman is standing outside of a building talking on her cellphone .
Skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings .
An adult couple pose by a cardboard cut out for a movie .
An elderly man uses his walking stick to poke into a hole in the ground .
Two people are walking in the woods .
A man in a green coat crossing the street with graffiti in the background .
two girls dancing together .
a woman in a dress playing a brown guitar .
Two men with blue shirts on cleaning debris off of a road .
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass .
A group of people in black and red outfits are banging drums and singing for a crowd .
Four kids play on a sidewalk at an entrance door .
Two people holding swords in order to fence
Multiple people in running outfits are running with a cityscape in the background .
Two children climb on chains strung between two wooden poles .
An adult and a child playing in the water at the beach .
A cyclist in red and black racing gear with an aerodynamic helmet is going down a road .
A man in blue jeans and a blue shirt and cap stands beside a large toy train engine .
A man in a gray shirt jumps in the air .
One man is standing outside fishing .
Many people are doing various things on an urban sidewalk .
There is a man laying on the ground with a red and white hat on his head .
A small white dog with brown on his face and back is jumping over a cushion .
A bicyclist in red pushes her bicycle .
A large bird is flying over water .
a man in camouflage is making a announcement on a radio
Woman driving in a red convertible with another girl in the passenger seat and a guy in a suit in the backseat , driving past a group of people .
a skateboarder jumps over a set of stairs .
A band is playing in a concert .
A person is windsurfing in the water .
A dog swimming in a pond .
There are several people in a park .
Many people sit at the base of a large marble archway engraved with names .
A woman and child with an umbrella walk through the street in the pouring rain .
A grandfather is taking is grandchild for a horseback ride .
A road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic .
A man bends down to saw stone .
The man in the blue smock and beret holds up a brass rubbing .
One young man waits patiently while doing his laundry in a small laundromat .
Blond male sitting with a drink in his hand .
A white horse with a rider in a blue green and purple jacket and helmet with khaki pants and black boots on jumping over bushes .
City workers are carrying traffic cones on the winter streets of Paris .
Three people in a green house .
Women shopping for purses .
A woman stands in front of a microphone and addresses a large group .
Adults with their children are standing on a rail waiting in line .
A white British Airways plane on the airstrip .
Black dog runs through snow with head down
A young woman is shocked and excited by what she sees during her day at the beach .
A dog runs uphill towards the camera in near a fenced area .
Outdoor shower being enjoyed by a group of men .
The cyclist is smiling at the wet dog relaxing in front of the house .
The two children stand on a cobblestone street and play .
Men singing blues in one of the lovely orchestra episodes courtesy of Shell corporation of America .
A man in a green shirt and blue jeans is welding .
A group of people running on a beach at dawn .
Two equestrians in and arena in riding uniforms with one leading a beautiful show horse and he other riding .
Little boy sitting outside looking at lit up jack-o-lanterns .
A man in glasses reads a paper in front of an Asian market and a life-size cardboard cut-out of a woman .
a man is walking to the front of a conference room .
Two men in construction uniforms are sitting reading together .
A young child holding a Rawlings football in the middle of a grassy field .
A picture of people riding bicycles on a cobble street .
Women are playing at a roller derby and one in yellow has fallen .
two men sitting at a counter , smiling .
A huge crowd has gathered in front of McDonald .
A girl in a dress walks while a family stands in the background .
Two men in casual attire taking a nap from a day of fishing down by the river .
Man is on his bike in the dirt .
A person on the beach beside the ocean at sunset .
Two little kids are running through the sand to get to the ocean .
A man and woman are holding food .
Two blond ladies sit on a sofa drinking wine .
Four musicians performing on the street .
a muzzled white dog is running on the grass .
A young woman walks alone through a bus terminal .
Children and Moms sitting in a crescent on the floor .
An elderly woman sits on the steps of a large monument .
A small dog on a chain leash stands in a shadowed hallway alone .
A filming crew get ready to take pictures of a woman as a man holds an umbrella above her .
An old man is sitting on a rock in a courtyard eating .
A tall , light brown dog is drinking water from atop a table while a small black dog jumps off the table .
A young musician singing and playing guitar .
A white dog with a black collar jumps up to catch a tennis ball
A young boy wearing a gray sweater is coloring on a piece of paper with crayons .
A man is holding a machete while another man who is smoking is looking elsewhere .
A man in a black t-shirt smiles as he sits in front of a guitar .
People outside of a building having fun .
A girl in jeans sitting on rock getting her picture taken .
A young brown-haired woman plays her guitar and sings into a microphone .
Greyhounds racing chasing a mechanical rabbit around the track .
A band performs on a lakefront stage .
A young boy dressed in slacks and layered tops uses a leaf blower in a grassy area by a street .
Two football players practicing blocks .
A woman is making pottery using her potter 's wheel .
A girl walks on a sidewalk while talking on a cellphone .
The man in the brown cap is paddling a boat on calm river .
A person is jumping over a house on skis .
Two little boys rowing through the brown murky water .
A blond child sleeps with her book open and resting on her chest .
A man talks to several others behind a table in a restaurant kitchen .
The boys are all wearing the same baseball hats .
Three people recline in massage chairs .
A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach .
A dark-haired woman in a black bra sleeping in the bed with tan sheets and creme blanket with a blond-haired baby in a white and blue shirt .
Two young boys in swimming trunks are in the water looking at each other .
A boy is trying to eat corn on the cob .
A closeup of a girl holding a heart necklace and looking at it .
Little boy standing next to a pillar with arms outstretched while his family sits along side .
A man in a blue shirt is running through a field .
a happy female violinist playing music .
A man in a white apron cutting meat .
Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing .
Two people are picking up their belongings in front of a Subway .
An abundance of food is neatly laid out in front of a gentleman with only lanterns for light .
A group of people standing with a snow covered mountain behind them .
A man in a canoe sits on a placid lake surrounded by lush green foliage .
A man on a bicycle is riding past a beige colored building .
Children participating in a sack race outdoors with many other children observing close by .
Two black men in black coats walk down the street with women looking at them .
An elderly man dressed in denim with a straw hat , pounding out metal .
A group of adult , male soccer players wearing blue uniforms are forming a huddle .
A woman guides a dog through an obstacle course .
A person in a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge .
An Asian woman pours hot water into blue and white cups .
Several people lay out in the sun on white lawn chairs by a body of water .
A young baby that 's about two is sitting in a baby chair grinning .
A dog jumps up on the beach with rocks in the foreground .
People watching a woman dance in a gym .
Female in a red shirt with a black and red veil walks with a young male in a orange tank top while following behind an older female in a black veil and skirt .
A bunch of Asians posing cheerfully in a classroom .
Six men , all wearing identifying number plaques , are participating in an outdoor race .
A group of people on the side of a busy street .
A woman in a pink shirt is sitting between two people drinking .
Two middle-aged white women stare at a collection of bicycles .
A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow .
A girl in a blue shirt and pink pants is looking through a tripod .
A couple is performing in front of an audience .
A bald man and a dark-haired man with a mustache are standing in the doorway near a chair store .
Group sitting on a grassy hill resting .
A family along with their household pets are taking an outdoor trip during the winter .
A crowd of people looking at something going on in a large city .
A young boy wearing blue shorts is splashing is a blue kiddie pool .
A red-haired woman wearing black holds purple sticks and yarn which are part of a sewing kit set .
A man and his donkey hauling hay down a path .
A wiener dog bites at bubbles made by a bubble blowing machine .
Oriental man practicing his karate moves by the ocean .
A woman wearing a blue , black , and white two piece bathing suit is sitting outside with a cup in her hand with some other people .
Several people are walking one direction while 1 man is walking the opposite .
A woman in yellow and red smoking a cigarette and walking down the street with a shopping bag .
A soldier on the stairs sitting crossed-legged on a chair with a rifle hanging from the armrest .
A white and brown dog jumps on a white leather recliner chair .
A man standing in front of a chalkboard points at a drawing .
A man is working with a dog during training .
A lady with an orange shirt and red-hair is bartending .
A man wearing a kippah is talking to a woman next to a table .
A baby boy sucks on the sweater arm of the woman holding him .
A protester in Sydney , Australia being photographed .
A lady and a little boy use a pump to launch a rocket at a marina .
A lady and her son playing outside in the winter .
A baby in a blue outfit , wrapped in a blanket , is sucking on her pacifier while laying down .
A man peers at his finger tips while walking down the street .
A blindfolded man hitting a pinata at a party while everybody watches .
A group of hockey players and coaches having conversations .
A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio .
Crowd of people in Race for a Cure in urban setting .
A man is kayaking in the ocean .
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond .
A woman is sitting on a white bench .
This guy has just created a new way of cooking for his family .
On grass , two brown dogs tussle for orange toy .
A boy is skateboarding on a sidewalk .
Woman running through field in rain .
A man and a woman both dressed completely in white share a kiss on a beach .
a young boy wearing a yellow shirt walking on the beach carrying a surfboard
A man and a woman at a table with playing cards and beer in mason jars .
Two old men in hats doze in the sun outside .
A couple relax on a patch of grass with a body of water behind them .
Three men work to moor a large boat to the dock .
A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm , getting ready for his ride .
Two people are in bed .
A large number of people are standing in lines at a fast food restaurant .
A girl jumps for joy , right into the pool .
A street scene with people of many ages and backgrounds .
An elderly person is crouched down and holding a cane .
A man wearing a green robe and white hat is walking in front of an orange wall .
A light brown dog is running in a grassy area .
Two women and two boys dressed in pink stand outside a shop selling brightly colored clothing .
A woman with long pink hair is sitting on a concrete slab .
Two sisters race through the hallways in the house .
A woman is swimming in a swimming pool .
man with goggles and robe pouring items from glass and boy looks on
A man with glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is standing next to a dog while another man with a blue hat looks at them from the back .
A number of cars , including a small blue one with chipped paint and a man inside of it , are parked beside a Pemex gas station .
A boy in an orange shirt and red hat is standing next to a girl with a white shirt and blue pants in the sand next to the ocean .
a little toddler is playing with a small ball on the grass .
A guy and a girl going to a restaurant to eat food and stop and talk to people .
a small blond girl in a pink shirt standing by a duck .
A young man stands in a crowd beside another young man holding a beverage can .
Young entrepreneur giving a presentation using two mac book laptops .
One girl throws water on another in a pool .
Man lining up a putt while playing mini-golf .
A man wearing a striped shirt is outside painting with a view of hills and water .
A man singing into a microphone as a part of his band .
A toddler playing with green binoculars .
A man in blue shorts and a red hat sculpting a sand castle .
On a sunny Autumn day , a man and a woman are talking outside .
Two children cleaning water in their village .
A person in a thick red coat is handing out fliers .
A dog jumping to catch a Frisbee while people watch
An older man wearing a bowler hat and white gloves is playing a tuba with fire blowing out of the top while sitting on a box amplifier in front of a cement wall .
An older gentlemen getting his beard trimmed by a younger barber .
The toddler in suspenders plays with a truck .
A man with glasses wearing all black sits on grass surrounded by other people .
A man wearing a purple t-shirt is blowing a whistle .
A group a people walk around the corner near a brick building .
Children enjoying themselves on an amusement park ride .
The football player dressed in red and white gets ready to throw the ball .
Man on a snowboard sliding in the air down a snow covered hill .
A man bathes in a waterfall as another man looks on .
a store with filled with a lot of bags as someone buys
A man in a black hat is working on a toy airplane .
A young boy spins a merry-go-round , barefoot at the park .
A man in a blue jacket and gray paints gardening in front of buildings .
Two men gesture at each other , while a third plays guitar .
These people are walking through a field of weeds .
A girl in a yellow bathing suit stands on a rock over a body of water .
A man standing on the street by a weird looking green mask .
A group of ladies with computers sit behind a table while people on the other side purchase something .
A man in a dog outfit is playing at a card table with a bemused woman and dealer .
A old man having a beer alone .
A dog sitting on grass .
A young woman in jeans walking past graffiti .
The man in the blue shirt appears to be performing repair or maintenance .
A young girl smiling in a plastic play structure .
Securing the rings around a barrel while listening to music .
A guy sitting on a chair , dressed in black , with earphones and a mic possibly getting ready to sing .
A man is walking through glass double-doors .
Swim meet showing one swimmer in action , with line of others watching .
Three children running downhill
Commuters go about their business as a train passes .
A man drives a motorcycle with two blue baskets attached down a street at dusk .
A young boy and girl are laughing together as the girl holds up a hand sign .
A man in sunglasses on an overpass .
A man on a surfboard riding a giant wave .
A young smiling boy wearing a harness and helmet .
a blond woman wearing an apron standing in front of a bar with several empty wineglasses
Baby indoors , climbing on red couch arm , reaching for lamp .
A large number of people are sitting in metal chairs watching a man in front .
An adult surrounded with nothing but sand leaping into the air .
A group of young adults taking a break from boating .
Young boy walking through a single toned area wearing a blacked and orange coat .
A man wearing a jacket and blue jeans sits on a railing as he looks out into a body of water alone .
A young boy stands by a car that 's being washed .
A man with blond-hair in a white kit and a man in a red shirt and white shorts are shown playing in a professional soccer match .
a dog carries a large stick through the field .
A woman saws a board with a man watching over her .
A man cooking on a large grill and someone on the other side of the grill also .
A woman and a boy are sitting and eating at a table .
A yellow gloved diver with a snorkel and mask swims underwater carrying a box with a handle .
A young family sits on steps enjoying the day
A young man in black shorts is jumping in the waves on the beach .
A man approves these mattresses
This image shows a girl wearing her hair in a bun in a gray shirt and white vest .
A person is digging a hole in sand while two children watch .
A group of people dancing at a restaurant .
protesters gathered together with their signs .
A man in a plaid shirt is taking out money from an ATM .
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground .
The man juggles six balls easily .
Five Asian girls are lined up on a track preparing to run .
two woman in dresses smile at a camera while walking .
A little boy on a background posing for the camera .
A man and a woman are laughing together while the woman holds and acoustic guitar .
This man seems oblivious to the insects hitching a ride on him and his weapon .
People picking in a marsh .
A man in a striped shirt conducts an orchestra in a large white room with wooden accents .
A man pilots a kayak through rough rapids .
Rabbits can be pets not just food .
Young boy looking at a purple letter " P " the hand in front of him is holding .
Lots of people sitting on grass at a park .
At a rodeo and a cowboy is riding a bull and other men are standing by .
A bustling crowd gathers .
Man paddling a boat on a river near the bank .
A woman helping a boy spray his bike .
A Teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard along the edge of a three-foot , graffiti covered wall 's edge
A couple sits at a cramped table in a busy restaurant .
Dog in field with yellow posts .
A factory worker is wearing an orange hard hat while working .
Several women are standing in the breakroom next to the table with the white cake .
A woman with short , wavy hair and a black coat is standing outside a fancy door with scrolling next to an elevator .
A man holds a drink , and another man drinks from a glass , while they both make silly faces .
A man wearing brown pants and a striped t-shirt juggling 3 white pins .
A traditional ethnic wedding is taking place .
Man serving beer from tap as woman stands by .
Three scene kids are meeting together .
Two happy men holding hands walking though a park .
Four musicians perform on stage .
A man operating a jet-ski does a flip in the water , and is seen upside down .
A group of men take a rest after a long hike .
The dog comes down the steps .
A female barista dressed in black is making coffee behind a counter .
A girl in a band standing in red lights .
A young boy of Latin American origins wearing shorts and seated on a matte on the ground seems to be unpacking a container of tropical fruits .
Child in a black jacket with a white hood running .
Two men on motorcycles are racing at a track .
There are long , red , padded benches behind the five screens , with only one man there to watch .
An older man in a white baseball cap walks the opposite direction on a public street , past another man in a dark jacket .
A shot of the University of Pittsburgh near a bus stop .
From one girl tackling another , I say hold on to your drink !
A crowd of people watch a band wearing red perform outdoors .
a young girl and a woman play volleyball with a beach ball .
A group of people surrounded by trees , take a hay ride together in the sunshine .
Two men jumping outside on the grass .
A woman is smiling while wearing scuba gear in a swimming pool .
A man and a woman are using a machine built into the wall .
A woman , in a t-shirt and a skirt , leans forward in an attempt to throw a large sized black ball .
There is a lady holding a pink stick and she is also jumping .
A young boy chases after a bird .
Man wearing black smokes a cigarette .
A beautiful street photo where people are walking by an old building .
A man standing on a boat full of people hands a child over to a man that is not on the boat .
Women in black clothing with sashes and crowns holding pies .
A middle-aged male wearing a baseball cap , a shirt inscribed orange county traders and white towel tucked under his belt and preparing a meal in hibachi style .
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park .
This is a twisting , turning roller coaster ride , filled with people .
A person is fishing at sunset .
A couple are seated together and viewing a computer monitor .
A child cleaning a pan in the kitchen sink .
Two older ladies in blue shirts are sitting at a table playing a game .
A man in a red shirt entering an establishment .
A young girl feeding a camel .
People are gathered around tables in a restaurant .
Veterans in white uniforms carrying American flags .
This little girl is putting on a helmet .
A young blond girl wearing a blue denim dress and pink jacket , facing across the green lawn to the house where four adults are standing on the deck , holds a large red purse up in the air .
Five backpackers hiking along a rocky slope .
Two men observe as a third fixes a green bicycle in front of a building with glass doors .
Two dogs play in the surf .
A boy climbs rocks .
a girl in a white t-shirt and red shorts is looking out of an underground passage .
Young man plays a harmonium while barefoot .
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles .
A police officer is standing in the middle of crowd of people .
Seven young men on the beach playing a game of balance and skill involving concentric circles drawn in the sand about three feet apart .
Two male tennis players conversing across the net on an outdoor court
Older lady checking out her goods at the check-out counter .
Girls wearing white peer into telescopes .
A woman carrying an orange bag is walking down the street with her white dog .
A woman setting at a loom with a child making cloth .
A man sits on a bench .
An older woman is taking a photograph while another older woman stands nearby .
A man in a blue striped shirt photographs an interesting sign which is wearing an orange construction cone .
Consumers look over products at a trade show .
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching
A dog is carrying a yellow rope across rocks covered in seaweed .
Seven people , one on bicycle are at the end of a dock , over a large area of water .
The man in a white shirt had a flat tire on the back of his bike , and he was repairing it before he could take off again while his friend waited .
A Construction worker is cleaning the street by the construction site .
Two people either putting up or taking down a witty billboard advertisement .
A toddler is sitting at a table eating a snack .
A woman in a black and blue outfit is dancing in the street with a woman in a black and red outfit .
People are running in a race with other people watching on the sidelines .
A man with a blue backpack walks by a street in a location with mountains in the background .
In this picture we have about 11 girls posing for a picture in a pool .
Three women and a man sitting at a table with a large pitcher of beer .
People with their back to the camera walk down a wide alley .
A dog catches a disk in the air .
Girl in uniform playing flute with marching band .
A man and woman kissing in front of a white statue
Kids sitting on the floor against the wall with rope all over the floor .
A multicultural group of friends sitting down in an outdoor floor and hanging out to together during a cold busy night .
A group of people walk down the street carrying red flags .
Young girl riding a horse on a Merry-go-round .
Three people sitting on the curb in an Asian city .
A large white dog , a girl , and a police car in a driveway and an SUV in a garage .
A woman is taking a picture of a little boy brushing his teeth in a bathroom .
A bunch of people walking up and down a subway station .
The man in the blue is posing for a picture next to his car .
Two women with their hair covered talk in a kitchen .
A man walking down the street with an umbrella , several people under an umbrella looking at a holiday display , and a motorist in a white car .
Old man sleeping alone on a plane with a bag in his lap .
A casually dressed black man smoking a cigarette sitting on a bench next to a large Calvin Klein advertisement .
Young boy in red runs on beach and passes white , blue and green beach huts .
A leather clad biker walking toward his motorcycle .
A man in a red shirt and gray shorts attempts to free-climb the face of a rock .
Ten people sit on a deck and look at the water .
A man and a woman prepare a meal together in a restaurant kitchen .
The brown and white dog is running to catch something .
A happy couple returning from their shopping spree .
A toddler looks into the camera and holds a green crayon , with used paper in front of them .
A skateboarder catches big air at the skate park .
Three men have a conversation while sitting around an ornate table with microphones .
Little girl is spinning around on the grass in a flowing purple skirt .
A shirtless man climbs up a steep mountain .
An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent .
The man in the blue shirt is holding a bucket where he seems to be dumping it into the fountain .
Three people are performing music .
a group of people are crossing a river
A man standing in the water at the base of a waterfall .
A man in a construction vest and hat crosses the road in front of a large truck in a wooded area .
Little girls who are dressed up play in the falling autumn leaves .
A girl , a boy , and a woman looking in the same direction .
A man in a blue business suit passes a wall with two arrows pointing at him .
A clown in a field with trees and people behind him balancing a plate on a stick on his nose .
A woman is holding coffee and her cellphone and appears to be looking for someone .
two red phones behind a man in a yellow shirt
A boy with a yellow and black soccer uniform trying to score a goal .
Soccer players dressed in bright blue and white uniforms are jumping in the air .
A child standing on a white stool brushing her teeth .
Two soccer players are playing soccer .
Two guys wearing jackets .
A young man wearing a hood standing in a swampy area holding a camera .
Race car drivers competing in a race .
The girl in pink smiles as she rides on a black swing .
a group of people standing on a hill with the sun in the distance .
Onlookers view an activity in awe .
Several women riding horses and carrying rope waiting for the gate to open at a rodeo event .
A man in a red soccer uniform getting ready to kick the ball .
An old asian man sits on a subway train .
Two dogs try to reach each other as their human companions pull them in opposite directions by their leashes .
Children playing on an Ox in the water .
A man in a tee and jeans helps a boy in a cap , tee , and jeans across a stepping stone path in water .
Bald man sitting near drum kit plays acoustic guitar .
A young girl with orange glasses working on making something out of wood .
People riding a public transportation bus line " A " , covered in a sweater advertisement , look out the windows .
a girls sitting pretty on the arm of a couch rads a card presented to her by a girl that 's standing sideways with a glass of wine in her hands .
A woman staring at the camera from behind sunglasses , holding a bag and coffee cup .
A group of men playing hockey .
A track athlete does a pole vault .
A group of people protesting by selling humans .
A hitter is swinging a bat at a baseball during a game while the catcher and umpire look on .
The child in raingear is dragging a broom through a puddle .
A boy held by a man points his arm towards the sky , as another boy peers through his hands into the air .
A woman in a white shirt is being arrested .
A little girl runs in the park , looking at something out of frame .
A dog with a red harness tracks a scent in a field .
A group of people hike up a snow covered mountainside .
A child in a wool cap looks at a box .
Man wearing hat and overalls addresses the crowd .
A group of men playing music , the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums .
A man is playing the Saxophone in a garden .
Two people working on a ladder to get something from a tree .
A woman is going to play the organ .
A man shaves his face with a green razor in closeup .
Twin toddlers dressed alike being pushed in plastic car strollers in a parade
Young girl wearing two piece black bathing suit running in the water with a smile on her face .
Blond woman is being married .
the women in the blue pajamas is smiling
A young man in a purple American football uniform is attempting to allude the tackle of another young man in a white uniform .
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A man in a field with an airplane in view .
A man wearing an orange turban walking .
A man with a camera .
A child performs skateboard tricks on a wooden platform .
An older woman and a young child are all smiles in a photo together .
A woman rolling pastry in her fish shop .
Lady playing a game of hopscotch .
Mother and daughter are meeting for the first time .
A smiling blond girl on the side of the road .
Two old people wearing coats are talking on the sidewalk .
A man dressed as a woman singing .
A black woman rolls out a sheet of dough in a messy kitchen .
A man washing windows in a harness and a dark blue shirt .
A surfer is riding a wave that is beginning to tube .
People cross the street heading to get a taste of papaya dogs .
Three dancers wearing red sashes perform on a darkened stage .
A musician with long hair performs on a stringed instrument .
A man wearing a white shirt taking a nap with a green hat over his eyes .
A man wearing a blue shirt and a woman holding up four fingers are sitting next to each other in a room with other people and drinks .
A girl earring a gray t-shirt and blue sweater is sitting at a dinner table .
Woman connected to a bungee harness in the air .
A black dog fetches a dead bird .
Two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals
Children gathered around an adult
An old man with a beard is sitting on a milk crate on the street .
The man has his white shirt off on a green field .
a lady looks at the art on the wall .
This appears to be a woman posing near a large , moss-covered rock outcropping .
Two cars involved in racing are running very close .
A woman is being interviewed at her dining table .
Four young women walking down the street with large purses .
Two smiling boys are sitting beside a fruit cart .
An Asian man is standing in a crowd .
Man using a laptop at a table in an empty outdoor dining area .
A woman in a military uniform gives an inflated rubber glove to some children .
A woman is standing in a large drainage hole .
A snowboarder jumps through the air on their snowboard .
two people repel down into a hole .
Child in camouflage jacket jumps on sled .
Two women are laying on a concrete structure beside the ocean .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans falling down on a skateboarding ramp .
The young man is tuning his guitar .
Two older men are sitting together .
A runner heads through the city .
A woman riding a horse in a show jumping competition .
a white dog is running behind a black dog on a paved path by some grass .
Slanted aerial view of a cafeteria .
Two people riding a motorcycle through a very crowded street .
Older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building .
A man on a horse galloping onto its back two feet .
A man with gray hair is sitting at a table .
A man grilling vegetables on a patio with his dog .
A man taking a rest in a shallow river amid the rocks .
A group of people stand on the deck of a large boat .
A family prepares to ride on the water .
A man in a hat sitting at one of several tables inside a screened tent watching people walk by outside .
Young man with a beard is sitting on the edge of the bed reading a manual .
A group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival .
Little boy in orange shirt , holding flip-flops has his hand on his head .
The little girl is wearing a white T-shirt with a peace sign and a sea foam green tutu .
Two people dressed in mostly black clothing walking on a sidewalk .
A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways .
A group of people is standing in a stock room .
A person wearing an orange coat is walking past a building .
A surfer rides the waves .
A large crowd participates in a running event .
Three people in white clothes observe graffiti on the side of a building .
A woman in a sweater is laughing .
At Halloween , this little spiderman waits to get some candy .
A young girl posing for a photo while standing in a tree .
A person pole-vaulting at the beach in a jacket and khakis .
A young boy leans against a post with a striped flag .
A man applying bait to his fishing pole .
A woman organizing lettuce in a market .
Two women dancing in asian attire .
The children are looking upward while waving their arms .
A woman wearing a veil watches people enter a building .
A man is in the background , looking at his phone , while a woman throws a football towards the camera , with her mouth partly open .
Two young men with shovels are working the soil in a garden during spring .
A well-muscled dog retrieves an orange toy from the surf .
A girl holds a glass and has a girl on her right and a boy on her left looking into the camera .
A white dog watching a black dog in the air .
A worker in a blue shirt and white hard hat is climbing a scaffolding .
Two girls looking into camera and smiling
A girl and her fiancee getting lady for some romantic moments after a long day at work .
A young man is standing outside wearing a black denim jacket .
A group of young adults jumping up or posing awkwardly for a picture .
A football player wearing a number ten jersey is catching a football with both hands .
A dark colored man does a head shave for another dark colored man .
A dog catches a Frisbee in the front yard .
Two people are standing in front of a table filled with pans that have dessert toppings in them .
Dates , Nuts , Spices , neatly segmented on a cart with scales being pushed by a man .
Ten cyclists in different colors are racing around a bend in the track .
A girl with black hair is taking photo with a digital camera .
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow .
A person lies at the bottom of a flight of stairs .
Man in purple shorts and shirt is running in a race with onlookers located to his right .
A girl is poking her head through a cow cutout .
A young boy washing a window .
A lady is standing looking at all the clothes on the ground .
A Man wearing a winter hat creates pottery .
A man with a white tank top feeding a seagull on the pier .
A man rides a bicycle through an inner-city neighborhood next to a wall containing a graffiti picture of a big hand showing the peace sign .
An older gentleman rides his bike along the side of a road in a rural area .
A boy with a blue t-shirt laying on a bed .
A man riding a horse while holding a sword .
A Boy walking wearing a uniform .
A woman wearing a blue dress has fur wrapped around her wrists and her head and she is wearing a wooden beaded necklace .
A young man dressed in a blue jacket is holding a statue over his head .
Four children playing in a flooded playground .
A small black dog plays in the water .
A woman wearing a green coat , and a woman in a tan coat waiting for the subway .
A man in a white shirt is wearing a hospital bracelet and holding a baby .
A man kisses his bride on the forehead during their wedding .
A smiling woman sits on a white couch .
Many people climb on a ropes course outside .
The man has a dog on a leash and appears to be teaching it to stand on its hind legs .
A man preparing food on a grill .
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .
Two young girls talking to a man in a van .
A tattooed woman in a dress , smiling .
A man wearing a black balloon animal shirt is making a circle out of balloons .
A man is reaching for a pink and black lamp .
A woman and a little girl turning a corner on a city street .
A woman and two children stand in front of a statue while random people wander the city square .
A woman dressed in black with a hula hoop around her waist performs in front of diners .
Four children , out in a yard , leap into the air .
Two girls playing at a playground .
There is an old style motorcycle by the field .
people stand on top of a red tourist bus
A person wearing a helmet and dark snow pants is standing on a snowboard on a platform balancing their arms in the air and looking down .
An old man in a black knit cap and jacket , with a gray mustache on his face , grimly walks along a city sidewalk , followed closely by a bearded man in glasses .
A man in a black wetsuit on a surfboard .
a messy baby is sticking his hand under a running faucet .
A man is browsing things for sale on the street .
Two guys are in a garbage bin and three others are in the background .
A large , black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes .
A woman smiling and laughing that is wearing purple gloves .
A dog swims in a pool .
A man and his female teammate watch his shot as they play a game of a beer pong .
The person is climbing a large rock in a wooded area .
A young man in a yellow and orange bathing suit squatting on a rocky protuberance overlooking the water .
A group of children sitting down and holding basketballs on their laps .
A toddler walks along a dirt road .
A little girl making arts and crafts with small umbrellas and corks .
An asian man standing on top of a ladder as a woman walks off to the side .
A young boy in a pullup is covered in marker ink .
A soccer player runs for a soccer ball .
A person on a motorbike is jumping over a dirt ramp .
Blocks of art randomly arranged on a sidewalk .
A dark-haired man and a little boy use screwdrivers to work on screen door .
A man struggling to pull a heavy bucket .
An area in an arab country that is very crowded .
A man , woman , and two young girls jumping in the sand .
Eight children are playing badminton in a gym .
Baby drinking a glass of cold milk .
A snowboarder banking to the side .
A yellow plush toy costume on street event .
A snowboard rider jumping high on his snowboard in the snow .
Here is a girl in boots walking with her backpack under an umbrella in the rain .
A woman with a very serious expression swiftly walks down a sidewalk .
A young boy in a gray shirt solders electronics while wearing safety glasses .
An enormous black woman sits at a bus stop beside an elderly woman of east-Asian descent .
People walking around in a city .
A smiling woman with dark hair is sitting at a table .
An older gentleman in a blue long-sleeve shirt is preparing food on a round table with a woman in the background .
Two lizards fight in the water .
A bunch of people are walking down a paved street while a man is looking at something .
A black man and a motorbike .
This woman is having some sort of dental procedure done .
Two young ladies in a hallway with art on the walls looking at the back of a DSLR .
The white and brown dog is running over the surface of the snow .
A woman with short hair and black t-shirt is sitting in a crowded park eating a sandwich .
A bride talking to men at her wedding .
Two baseball players in blue jerseys and white pants stand on a pitcher 's mound .
A group of three indigenous women rest in the shade while their children peek out of a doorway .
Several motorbikes go over a jump .
A pair of black women on the street where one of them is walking past .
Man holding a Bible with a sign that reads " Repent . Jesus Christ will judge the world . "
Baby loving his or her first time in the swing .
A girl dressed in green rollerskates past a festival crowd .
Cyclist biking down a concrete stairway .
A brown and white dog is running in a grassy park like setting .
Three men stand on the bed of a truck in front of a lake .
Priest in black walking on sidewalk carrying a blue bag and talking on cellphone .
Three men are running in a track and field race involving hurdles .
Four women in red bathing suits are performing in the water as a crowd of people watch .
A man is preparing to make some food and has laid the ingredients out on the counter before him .
Two Asian men , dressed in white uniforms which include white paper hats , are seated behind a counter and looking toward their right .
A man riding a small boat in a harbor , with fog and mountains in the background .
A basketball player with a USA jersey is attempting a slam dunk .
Four men in lime green attire are breakdancing on the sidewalk as a group of pedestrians look on .
Men work on a city street .
A man in a red shirt , out with a woman in a crowded location .
A man is loaded up with gear to go diving into the ocean .
Two people taking their boat out in to the ocean .
A woman in a blue shirt , covered with a blanket is sitting on the couch .
A bike rider with a full face helmet is in midair , playing the crowd they look and take pictures .
In a chain link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles .Wit .
A man is drinking out of a yellow cup .
A man is performing a handstand on the beach .
A woman gymnast , in a blue bodysuit with red flames is in the process of flipping off a balance beam .
A guy in a green and pink shirt stands near a grill by a boat .
Group yoga class exercising .
A girl is brushing her brown and red-hair .
a black dog about to jump into a lack to get a small ball .
A man wearing yellow watches people play chess on the floor .
Child playing and hiding underneath hay .
Families fish sitting in the grass at the edge of the water .
A man in a hard hat and jumpsuit sits on a yellow object .
With the daintiest of feet , the slightest little oriental girls float across the stage perched upon square ballet toes .
A man wearing pants is on a rock climb wall .
Two Indian children , one of which has a striped shirt on and a white v symbol on his forehead looking straight ahead , standing by an Indian lady wearing a pink and purple costume who seems to be staring down at the ground .
A man and woman watching a sports event in a stadium .
a man and a woman walk in the park dressed for hot weather .
A man pushes a cart of bananas down the street .
A woman in a 3rd world country using a saw to cut through a steel bar .
Man running across street on a rainy day .
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool .
Three hockey players struggle with the puck in front of the goal .
A girl is giving a dog a treat .
A person in blue and red ice climbing with two picks .
three men are in the wheelhouse of a boat and one of them is driving .
Three people skiing behind one another in snow .
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air .
Four people are standing in front of a van and are doing construction .
A woman walks down a street , texting on her phone or checking for messages .
Workers prepare as one employee addresses the electrical problem first .
A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background .
An old man sits outside reading a newspaper .
The backs of two Asian girls , wearing red tops and holding red flags .
A young girl walking in high grass and flowers .
A young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread .
A man is handcuffed and surrounded by several uniformed police officers .
A young boy balancing on a board in a lake , his arms raised and appearing to be standing on just the water .
A man in a black shirt and glasses is slicing a tomato at a kitchen table .
Men dressed in camouflage assist in helping clean up a grassy area .
A man hammering in nails on a building .
Yong Asian boy sitting on a cliff and day dreaming .
An Asian schoolgirl in a typical schoolgirl uniform , dark pullover , plaid skirt , and knee socks with penny loafers .
A man dressed in light blue is doing martial arts on the beach .
A lady takes a drink during a business presentation for Demos .
Small dog being dried by a handheld hair blower .
Three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range .
Young children sitting around table using laptop computers .
A guy with glasses is working on a computer in his office .
A young female baseball player slides to home base but is caught by the umpire .
Boy sitting on a couch staring with a hammer in his hands .
A Morris High School student working in shop class .
A man is standing beside a ladder facing it with tree debris all around him .
The two women wore masks while they cleaned the mess in the basement .
A busy crosswalk somewhere in asia .
Two basketball players play in a game .
Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest
a girl touches the side of a young man 's head , while another young man watches .
A group of young people are playing their musical instruments together .
The black dogs try to wrestle the dog away from each other .
A man talks to a laughing woman at a restaurant .
Three dogs play with a ball on a field .
Police officers in Madrid talking .
A group of children , two separate teams , green and red , playing soccer .
Blind man using a computer up close .
Old man in jeans and checkered shirt is helping a model airplane fly .
A man is on a ladder working on a roof .
Two smiling kitchen workers are mashing something .
Two people are running at the top of a mountain .
Two men shoveling snow off a railroad track dressed in bright orange snowsuits .
A group of Asian people are eating at a table next to a grill .
A man in a blue cap with a blue sweatshirt is talking on a microphone while a man without a shirt smiles .
Two young girls listen to an elder .
A woman with a microphone on a stage points the microphone at a man who is standing in the audience in front of her
Brown headed woman opens a red package
Two kids are photographed playing soccer in a field .
A construction worker holds a sign about bicycling .
A woman touching a man 's face on a wall after they took a break from riding motorcycles .
Several people in bathing suits holding hands at a beach .
Two boys soccer teams play , one boy goes after the ball .
a basketball player wearing a red and white jersey while running down the court .
A stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path .
People cooking food over a fire .
Six swimmers are competing a swimming race .
People are talking on cellphones on a busy sidewalk .
A dog runs through grass , while a Frisbee flies through the air .
Two children standing in swimwear standing together in the sand .
Five musicians , a man and four women , practicing sheet music ( using flutes ) in a living room .
Women are walking through the street drinking iced coffee .
A man pulls on a rope in a field .
Two men holding shovels are standing around dirt and trees .
Two people play outdoors .
A man sitting with a large box of fruit .
Two men in jeans and button down shirts are dancing while a woman in black pants and a gray shirt takes their picture .
A young woman sitting alone on a park bench .
Two men are stepping on rocks to cross some water .
A man in orange lifts a bicycle over his head in front of a crowd .
Two girls are standing by a another family in front of a wooden barn .
A beach patrol on the beach .
A group of people standing around two men sitting wearing turbans .
A boy in a red shirt is bent down looking at firework he has lit .
A man is parakiting on a body of water .
A woman eating with chopsticks sits in front of butchered raw meat .
A girl dressed in a red top , a red cap , and light colored shorts , sits on a rock outside .
People walking along the sidewalk on a cold day .
Man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them .
A girl and two guys from a carnival
A woman in white is throwing a boy into the air .
There are two people walking in the sand .
Two men in helmets and gloves are working on decoration for the outside of a building .
The elderly guy is reaching his hand out for the lady behind him .
Swimmers are playing an indoor game of water polo while several spectators watch .
A woman sitting in an orange chair is holding an infant baby in her arm and pointing to something with her opposite hand .
An Asian man pushing a wheelchair .
A woman in shorts and sneakers , sitting outside on a couch with two young children .
Two people looking out the window watching radars .
A man in a gray hooded sweatshirt holds a paper plate and smiles in front of a crowd of people .
A yellow and white car driving on a track next to each other while spectators and cars can be seen in the background .
A black soccer male soccer player in a purple uniform with a soccer ball on his head , and a white male soccer player in a white uniform behind him .
A young girl in a gray illustrated shirt is holding her hands over her head .
Two people talking as they travel past a large group of bicycles and a small red car .
a blond man looks at the camera .
A little boy is in a foamy bath , looking at the bubbles .
A person in a blue hoodie is snowboarding down a mountain .
a woman walking her dog and another woman is pushing a stroller .
Two kids play in shallow waves against a brilliant blue sky .
A small girl in a lake eating a watermelon .
Two girls , each in a dress walking together .
A building with a large sign which reads , " Pain is Temporary , Quitting Lasts Forever " .
A young boy and a younger girl walking across water on stepping stones
A group of young men are wrestling and horsing around in a dirt pit .
A lady is sitting down tending to her stand .
A man with a floppy chefs hat is holding a condiment bottle while looking over his shoulder as if talking to the man behind him .
Three men utilize the shade near a wall .
A little boy sitting in a tree .
A man in a blue jacket is talking into a microphone .
A boy holding a fishing rod .
A man in white pants and a bright orange vest is admiring his reflection .
A ballerina in a black leotard leaps through the air .
A road worker in green , there is an orange cone near him .
A chef in a blue shirt smiles in front of a large dish of food while a coworker looks on .
A biker is wearing all black gear with buildings and a tree with no leaves nearby .
a group of school children walking around outside in their uniforms
Am older woman in a black top intently reading a book at the kitchen table .
A young boy out for a hike with his parents stopping to look at the foliage .
Boy with white powder and blue writing on his face
A young child has a green $ 5 tag stuck to his nose .
Two women in fluffy skirts dancing to music played by men , asking for money , while others pass them by .
Lunch outdoors on a sunny day .
A rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head .
A blond woman pedals a bicycle while carrying a chair on her shoulders .
A man walks down an alley between cream colored houses .
Two guys are practicing mixed martial arts on a blue and red mat .
A motorcyclist speeds down the road .
Several women and children are walking along a graffiti covered wall .
A young man with a green shirt plays a blue guitar .
A person is driving a red and black race car .
A woman with bright red-hair is using a camera on a tripod to take pictures of some type of field or garden .
people sitting on a couch under a red tree .
A captain checks the life vests of his passengers .
A man wearing a harness walks towards his parachute , open on the ground .
A black dog is carrying a white dog toy through a field of high grass .
A couple sitting at a reception table , the man is laughing as he motions back and the woman is laughing motioning forward .
A man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage .
A woman touching her child 's shoulder .
Man sticking out tongue and licking smiling woman .
A group of children in soccer uniforms chase after a soccer ball on a grassy field .
A smiling man and woman cuddled together while posing for a picture .
A woman is riding a bike while wearing a helmet .
man with dark blue apron taking an order
A construction worker balances high up as he guides beams into place .
A group of asian women standing together for photo .
A man wearing a green shirt and khaki pants and sandals is looking at a row of meat hanging on ropes .
A dark-haired little girl is looking away from two people sleeping under a pink blanket .
A young boy throws a basketball on a basketball court .
Men with orange wristbands perform a dance .
A dog wearing a cover runs in the snow .
A young , dark-haired boy kicking his leg up high while surrounded by a crowd .
Girls wearing costumes stand around , one smiles .
A young woman wearing a red jacket and yellow pants is jumping up and down along a path filled with leaves .
A woman hangs from a rope on a grassy patch overlooking a distant city .
A woman walking in china .
A man wearing all black with a cap on his head is spearing something on a wall .
A little girl is playing tennis or bad-mitten .
A dark-haired man in a blazer , striped apron , and pink necktie leans on a railing , observing a river , a cigarette in his left hand .
Indians celebrate their culture in traditional clothing through song .
A man holding and playing with a blond little girl .
Three young ladies wearing coats and long black skirts are standing on the grass in front of a large tree with purple blossoms .
A smiling boy floats in a pool .
Some children in black robes and black and red hats .
A man drilling a hole into a metal canister .
A golden retriever puppy stands in front of two people looking over a railing .
A man walking along a flooded street holding a black umbrella .
A group of people walking up a trail in a wooded area .
A man carries two grocery bags , a sign of a funny man is by the pole near him .
A painter puts finishing touches on an image .
A young child wearing a blue shirt and red hat grabs onto black bars in front of him .
Two black dogs are running in the grass , one has a green ball in his mouth .
People out enjoying a daily stroll .
A man is sitting in the street eating fast food and using a cellphone .
Surfers walking along a seawall as the ocean churns around them .
A man is posing for a pic in a museum .
Two women are crossing the street and smiling .
2 men racing in go-carts .
A film crew films a young African boy in a yellow shirt .
Four children with cowboy hats are sitting in the bleachers .
An old man wearing a green jacket sits on a bench while he reads his book .
A guy is playing with his beard .
Youth orchestra playing outside .
A young girl waving to someone off-camera .
A white dog wearing a red tag with brown on the left side of its face is jumping into the water .
Two men work hard loading up a flatbed truck
A man in a hat is digging .
Presenters speaking at conference .
A little girl holding a big sign that says " END WAR " and she 's looking down at it .
A bicyclist does tricks on a lime green bike .
One man clothed in robes and white head wrap rows a blue and red boat while another robed man stands on bow of the boat retrieving a fishing net .
A person walking with a dog .
The lady in red is sitting in front of the fountain .
A young man , wearing yellow biking gear , is riding his bike in a race .
Many of the people were wearing white clothing with red bandannas , as they celebrated in the streets .
Young girl wearing pink parka surrounded by abstract looking art .
The dogs run through the field near the water .
One woman is holding something up to her mouth while the other woman has her fingers on the side of her face .
A man and women are on a bus .
People on boats going down a thick tree-lined river .
A girl wearing a pink tank top and gray pants standing .
Several people walk near an escalator and a yellow and green wall .
A person sitting down on a benching waiting in the subway .
Person dressed in ski clothes skiing in the snow .
A man smiles at a street performer dressed up as an angel .
A group of people shop in the marketplace .
Two elementary school age boys playing with a dollhouse and toy firetruck along with two toddling girls in matching pink outfits .
A group of casually dressed people sit on a wall along side a pedestrian walkway outside an Irish bar .
Three uniformed people take off in a small boat with an outboard motor .
A ring bearer wearing a black suit with a pink vest is smiling big next to the flower girl in a white dress with a pink tie .
A schoolgirl wearing a white dress , blue-striped knee socks , a blue tie , and braids , smiles in front of a line of her classmates .
Three people sit on a sofa , one of which is holding a baby .
A girl wearing a white polka dotted pink bow in her hair squeezes a bubble in front of her face .
A lady crosses a busy road on the crosswalk .
A bearded man wearing a painter 's cap is playing the xylophone on the side of a busy walkway .
There are 5 people here looking at some pictures on the wall .
The climber in red is leading climbers up a long rock face .
Woman conversing with a man while sitting in a park .
Three men are playing soccer on a field , with a fence and forest in the background .
A street performer 's drum beats gain many onlookers .
A man stands proudly at the side of his green and blue boat .
A woman is pushing a stroller in front of a brown building .
A man is playing a guitar and harmonica outside on the street
A man in a tan jacket and blue jeans is riding a bicycle .
A Little boy in a red striped shirt on a blue couch pulling out all the pillows .
A man is doing a jump as he snowboards down a mountain .
A crowd is standing under a banner , facing away from the camera .
A man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath .
A child balances on a chair with one arm .
People stand at the Washington and Wells train station in Chicago .
Two guys are in a gym , one watching the other hit a heavy bag .
A little boy with a cream colored shirt holding a small piece of candy in a wrapper .
A group of six adult hikers gather on a dirt road in front of a few trees in the afternoon while their leader stands in the foreground in a green jacket , pointing at something just ahead .
Member of the Royals baseball team crossing the plate .
A woman in heels , black skirt and white shirt , holds her blue umbrella over her head while walking on a sidewalk near a parking meter .
An oriental woman wearing a black tunic , leggings and boots , stands outside a produce store .
A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins .
An individual is poling a boat in a lake on a sunny day clear enough to see the mountains in the distance .
Dog jumping in the sea .
A person in a green jacket it surfing while holding on to a line .
Two young people riding a subway tram while sleeping .
Two men at a backyard barbecue , eating and drinking beer .
Two kids playing near a clown .
Two girls running in tank tops and shorts across a court .
Children playing in a river .
Two people one girl and one boy and it looks like they are dancing in what looks like a club .
a girl and boy are walking .
A couple traveling ; the woman is sleeping and the man is examining equipment .
A man wearing an apron stands before some food and holds a blue container .
A creek winds through the woods .
A brown-haired woman wearing sunglasses and a blue sleeveless shirt is sitting with a man wearing a white shirt .
People walk on the beach cleaning up by putting trash in trash bags .
A female singer and male guitarist on stage .
Two men are sitting in a restaurant .
Children play in city water fountains .
A boy in his backyard grilling for his family .
A dog , lying down , tethered to the side mirror of a yellow VW bus .
A skier is heading into a grove of trees .
Roller derby girls in a match .
Men in orange uniforms are in a tunnel .
A view of a street corner , where people re bicycling , and there is a large and dilapidated green building on the corner .
Three women standing on a stage are singing while a small crowd watches below the stage .
Three people are running a race around a red track .
Two dogs in the ocean playing with a toy
A man painting in front of a storefront , his paintings are displayed .
A young mad pitching on a baseball team wearing a dark top and light colored uniform bottoms .
A performer holds a microphone out to a member of a crowd .
A person is hanging upside down from power lines .
A surfer is caught in an incoming wave along a dirty beach nearby mountains .
A woman sorts things on a bright blue cloth .
The three friends were enjoying refreshments outside their car .
A dog and a cat are facing each other while a person in a dress watches .
A black dog carries an orange ball , walking on the ground covered in leaves .
A man taking a picture with a silver camera .
A woman in an orange-hooded outfit is sitting with her hand on her face .
A boy in a large pool .
People are shopping at a roadside vegetable stand while a bus passes .
A professional horse race
A number of people in white cowboy hats are sitting on horses and talking , while a man in a black cowboy hat sits on a nearby fence .
A large group of choir members wearing red plaid are standing in a church before a seated group of people watching .
Two women wearing helmets and safety pads appear to be fighting .
Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .
A man and a woman in colorful costumes are performing a dance at night .
Three people on two separate motorcycles pass one another on what appears to be a race in Asia .
A female athlete playing volleyball on the beach .
A black dog in the middle of running or leaping .
A road is blocked and police are lined up around it .
People playing a game in the pool .
A man in a tan suit is using a pay phone to make a call .
One boy in orange shorts standing on a rock cliff over water , while the other boy in black shorts jumps off into the water .
Two people stand on a cliff overlooking the ocean .
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground .
A lady is inflating an Incredible Hulk toy .
A woman in a pink shirt is handing a bag to the salesperson while in a crowded shop .
A girl with a love tattoo on her wrist is laying in the grass .
An awards ceremony with cannons shooting confetti into the air .
A woman sits hidden in the dried stray awaiting an animal in the wild .
A man in a kilt competes in an sporting contest at a Highland Games event .
Four girls eat breakfast at a convention .
Three men in a boat on a riverbank , with cattle in the background .
A man in red jacket waking down sidewalk next to a man working by side of a building .
An older man wearing brown pants and a yellow shirt holds a green bag as he watches the street .
Two males are playing with toy guns .
Woman bent over talking on phone .
A young man cooks something in the kitchen .
A young girl in a bikini looks at the water breaking upon the shore .
Group of hikers on top a snowy mountain during a storm .
Two men wearing hats playing ultimate Frisbee .
a brown dog faces a black dog and a white dog in a field of long grass .
Concentration campsite .
four young people are walking through past trees in a busy park .
A young girl with other people in the forest , wearing a yellow shirt , surprised about something small .
A skateboarder does a trick off a dock while a photographer documents it .
A shirtless man wearing long pants is doing a skateboard trick in a metropolitan area where a man and woman are walking away from the camera .
Two swimmers watch as two other swimmers leap out of the water at each other .
A man named Josh answers the phone wearing a baseball cap and a blue button down shirt .
Women in red using a microphone .
A man wearing swim trunks and a woman wearing a bikini are holding hands while jumping off of a boat into the water .
Woman is eating something from small bowl .
A cooking professional woman holds a grater in a kitchen setting .
A woman skipping rocks on a lake
A guy with a yellow sweatshirt and blue jeans looking at something on the table , possibly food or the flowers in front of him .
Two men in the US Army are in uniform and talking with another woman , who is wearing a black sweater with a purse inside of what looks like a conference room .
A child stands underneath a snow-covered tree .
Two older women , one in darker clothing and one in lighter clothing , gather up grain as they work on the field .
There is a toddler playing on a playground .
Two elderly people are walking down the street on a sunny day .
girl holding a guys head .
A gentleman with dark hair and a dark sweat is ready to serve samples from plastic cups .
A small dog is standing in a field .
This young girl smiles while she wears a wreathe of flowers in her hair .
A man sitting on a couch wearing blue shirt holding a camera
A man wearing a yellow vest and gray fisherman 's cap is sitting in a red chair along with another similarly dressed man in a red chair next to him .
A dog running on snow and ice .
A child jumps off a swing set into a swimming pool .
A girl with a number 3 on her shirt is walking across a gymnasium floor .
A family is eating in a Mexican restaurant .
A group of people mills about in a room with crystal chandelier , a brown leather couch and a large round mirror .
A group of kids playing with toy guns in a cobblestone town square .
Athlete in black shorts running down a tree-lined street .
Woman looking at pictures in a photo gallery .
A man in an urban dwelling prepares a meal .
Three males are jumping on a trampoline outside .
Two couples and four kids pose for a family picture .
Asian men are packing pigs onto a truck as people drive by in their carts and scooters .
People standing in front of watermelons on side of the street .
A group of people walking down a road a long road , in the suburbs .
A mounted , uniformed officer and his dog walking on a beach .
A woman in a green dress holding a tuba in front of another woman holding a cello .
Four bikes are standing up and a man is standing next to a building .
Three older men sitting against a fence .
An old man in a red sweatshirt chisels away at a rock sculpture .
A man on a brown horse is preparing to lasso a bull , while another man on a white horse corrals the bull .
A hair dresser with blond-hair wearing a black dress .
Many people work on repairing a wooden house .
People walk down a dirt path next to a fence .
A bird flying over some sand .
The man with the shaved head is hanging up his laundry on the line .
two young men promting their website wearing knit caps and trying to sell condoms
Three young children are playing soccer .
Group of people having a great fun on the streets of their city with balloons and flags .
A skier with red on their skis and boots is in midair in a hurdling position while skiing .
A woman in a white dress is dancing in the middle of a field .
At the bowling alley a small asian child is excited .
Road workers carry orange paint at a work site .
The boy in the black outfit is riding down the snowy hill on a red sled .
man with a kitty on his gray shirt waiting to go on his skateboard .
A woman is smiling and reading a newspaper behind a bud light advertisement .
Two men in a kitchen cooking food on a stove .
A man takes a drink in the doorway of a home .
A man with a cowboy hat and an anti-tax sign .
Two women dressed in black pants and white tops positioned identically with a black backdrop .
The baseball player walks back onto the field .
A crowded city street in Asia .
Several men wearing ornate cultural costumes dance barefooted for people seated at tables .
Several women are talking outside .
An African American child runs after a basketball while in game with opponents .
A white dog with black spots runs through a field covered in snow .
A small white dog runs .
A dog and a tennis ball .
Two grocery store employees talk at a checkstand .
Two sisters hugging while visiting a Farm and looking into the camera .
A man with a black cap and white jersey is on a skateboard ready to skate .
Two people each walking a dog down the street .
A large man in white dances in the middle of a crowd holding a beverage in his hand .
A monk shows visitors one of his possessions .
People walking through the underpass of a bridge .
A woman is standing by the sink and her face is reflected in the mirror .
A tight crowd of bicyclers make a sharp turn in a race .
A bus stops to pick up passengers at a bus stop .
A group of people surf on a very large wave .
A man in a wetsuit catching a wave .
Two girls are wearing pink , one has design print on her pajamas , and the other one is just plain pink while , holding each a bed and table from a dollhouse .
A chinese woman is riding a tan horse down the road .
A man in black with a helmet is water rafting in a green canoe .
a fireman spraying water into the hood of small white car on a jack
Three men are setting up a sledge on a snowy plain .
A boy with an orange shirt lies on a bodyboard in the surf .
A young man is having his dreadlocks cutoff by a woman with scissors .
A man in a black coat is walking outdoors .
Two men have a conversation in a kitchen ; a man in a white shirt and eyeglasses gestures with his hands , while a man in blue jeans and a dark-colored shirt washes dishes .
A dark-haired male and blond-haired female dancing with others in a large room .
An older man with a white beard stands in front of a store while wearing a brown shirt with a name tag while holding a soda .
A woman in an orange shirt and white pants at church .
A man wearing a coat and hat is using a blowtorch .
A group of people are standing .
Here is a picture of two men sawing down trees .
A young waiter in a bar setting pours a drink from a bottle into a cup .
Two surgeons working on a persons teeth .
A father teaching his son how to fix his tricycle .
The man in the black shirt is pointing his camera at the arena .
Woman running in jeans in a forest on a trail .
A man holds a baby who is holding eyeglasses .
A woman takes a picture during the day .
A grandpa and granddaughter are playing in the backyard .
Two asian men are inspecting baggies of fish in water that are for sale .
Children playing in water fountains that shoot up from the ground .
A man in a blue shirt is standing close to a construction area .
Third world school being filmed by a camera crew of a different nationality .
A man in a white Bobcat scoops dirt from the ground near an athletic field .
A bike rider wearing a red shirt and black shorts is attended to by city workers .
Household items being set outside a building .
A little boy raking the leaves with a rake .
A wakeboarder is performing a trick on a rail .
A girl playing on a playground
Singer on stage attempts to get the crowd involved at a concert .
A woman with a pink bag and white umbrella waits at a train platform .
A hairy man steps out of the swimming pool .
A woman makes a horse shoe with a hammer .
People at a kickboxing class .
A child looks at a baby sleeping in a crib .
An old man with a white hat sews a shirt with a sewing machine in a dilapidated room .
A British military man is raising his hat .
Two male friends sit at table in a restaurant discussing bar camp , which one advertises with a small sign .
A blond woman sitting on a plastic stool is working on someone 's toes .
A man with a gray shirt and black shorts plays tennis in a fenced outdoor area .
A Latin American street vendor sets up a table selling glass ware in an inner city setting .
A young boy is walking across a pipe that runs across water .
Two men with their bodies , clothes , and hair dyed stand performing .
Man rides on bicycle as other people walk .
Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks .
An oriental woman looks at a small display of cosmetics on a table .
Two adult women in tutus and sunglasses are having a conversation .
Woman ice skating on ice .
A young girl running through orange cones .
Several women are performing ballet on stage with colorful leotards and tutus .
The man sitting on the blue bench has a blanket covering his head .
A bar crowded with patrons .
A man and a woman are laying down on red benches in workout clothes .
A man stands in front of a building wearing a hat and suit .
A man playing a white electric guitar outdoors .
Two men holding up a banner on a sidewalk .
A man leans against a pole in a busy area .
A young boy has his mouth open as he rides his bike outdoors past a stone wall .
A Asian male wearing a red shirt is sitting next to a grocery stand selling fruits .
A man in a yellow jacket throwing a yellow Frisbee .
A man in a brown shirt sits in front of a strip mall hold up a cup .
A man in a white shirt sits next to many containers .
Numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .
A black and white dog is sliding down a sandy hill .
A man is instructing other men using a whiteboard and dry-erase markers .
Children playing soccer near the goal net .
Three people in a valley pool , with large snowy mountains in the background .
Two men with backpacks are standing on rocks near a waterfall .
Elderly native sitting in lawn chair in a hut .
A child , held by his mother , slides down a water slide .
A young child is standing in a river pouring a large green bucket of water over his head .
Two women wearing cowboy hats are walking down a sidewalk carrying shopping bags .
A man is sitting down with black gloves on his hands .
People sitting near water overseeing the buildings .
A doctor checks on his medical equipment .
A girl with green hair is hitting a pinata with a stick while a man dressed in green looks on .
A man wearing a black shirt and a woman wearing a red and black dress dancing in front of a crowd of people .
Young man in a red hat , gray shirt , and jeans , performs a trick in the air with his skateboard .
A woman in a cutaway blue dress is standing in the forest , holding a large sledgehammer .
A man is examining something level with his waist , in a public space with a toy train set in the foreground .
A woman dressed as a princess rides an elephant carnival ride .
A man with a red white and black striped shirt is pulling a cart full of blue buckets and brooms .
A woman wearing a bright orange headdress .
A football player wearing a red and black uniform runs on the field with the football in his hand .
A man is playing a green electric guitar while standing in front of a microphone .
A group of young boys are playing baseball in a foreign country
A man with a large plate of food on his head walks down a street .
A man is playing with two dogs in his yard .
A musician is posing while playing an odd-shaped guitar .
A sushi restaurant with a man cooking while in the background is a man and young boy sitting at a table .
An gentleman selling items on the beach .
Man in purple shirt with his nose to the forehead of a woman in brown .
man is sitting in blue chair next two pieces of wood
A woman on a scooter is stopped at a city intersection .
A pilot wearing headphones flying above land .
Two women looking at information in a spiral booklet .
a tennis player runs for the ball .
A cart is selling things in a busy thoroughfare .
Two men , one younger with brown hair , one older with gray hair , working on a roof together .
Young man rides ocean wave on yellow surfboard .
A lone , yellow canoe being paddled through a river .
asian children in their classroom singing and dancing
Surgeons perform an operation on a patient .
Two small dogs play on the lawn .
The small brown dog is laying down while the black dog is biting it .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location .
Three people sitting on a bus stop bench .
Men taking a break from working on a piece of yellow industrial equipment .
A shot of bicyclists in a race with the background blurred by their speed .
A person is climbing to the top of a rock cliff .
An Asian woman is walking on a paved street there are several people in the background traffic .
A man in a white button-up shirt looks to the side while sitting at a table by the street .
A man singing on stage with his eyes closed .
Woman in sunglasses , rubber gloves , and boots points as she squats on a boat .
A man in a red jacket is snowboarding near a forest .
A girl wearing pink goggles is underwater as water escapes in the form of bubbles from her mouth and nose .
A man giving a speech in front of an audience .
A girl kicking a small ball on the beach and her dog .
A child running in the grass .
A man and a little boy beating drums .
A male field hockey player goes airborne as he presumably just strikes the puck in front of two opposing players .
Medical professionals are wearing green scrubs .
Many people are crossing a street in a large city .
A man wakeboarding in a lake .
A man with a cane walking in a crosswalk .
The girls are having a drink .
This is a football game in progress .
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree .
A man wearing very little clothing is doing a jump on a red bicycle .
Child swimming underwater with a toy in his hand .
A boy and girl are placing a red blindfold over a woman 's eyes .
A large group of youths sitting and socializing on a graffiti-covered cement wall .
A bird stands in the grass , eating something it has found .
A little girl in a pink shirt holds a newborn baby .
A dog running in the woods .
Shipyard workers are standing around .
Old man selling potatoes in a field next to a body of water .
Two men handle a large telescope while one is looking through .
A man drinking coffee does not notice a cat behind him .
Man cutting up his food to put on a plate .
A person checks medical instruments .
A blond woman in a white tank top , carrying a bright tote , holding up her arm .
A man is tying a red arm band around another man 's arm in the street .
A man on top of the roof looks over the ledge .
Person flying in air wearing sandals , goggles , and wind suit .
5u Uniformed people standing while older Asian man crouches behind them .
A group of people stand around talking with drinks in their hands .
A woman with a blue sports bra doing weightlifting .
A man stands in front of the Gateway Arch .
The photographer is taking pictures of flowers .
A man in a tan jumpsuit and baseball cap is operating a heavy piece of machinery .
Four men sitting around a table with coffee cups conversing .
The brown and white dog is standing on a trampoline with its tongue hanging out .
A birthday celebration taking place for a girl who has reached age 5 .
A man walks astride a blue bike .
A man watches a girl in a garbage can .
a kid playing in a large fountain
A man drinking a soda is standing in front of a bench near a group of people sitting
A man going down the hill in the snow
Person with torn jeans laying down on a wood floor .
A woman wearing a red jacket smiling at a baby while two older people watch .
Children are practicing judo on red and white mats .
A man carving a pumpkin in his boxers .
Two young women are talking in a city street at night .
An old man playing a violin at a park as a young boy watches .
Two children wearing white capes walk along a beaten path .
A man in a suit jacket is sitting on a red couch with a cat .
A man wearing sunglasses gives a thumbs up .
A woman with threads woven into her hair and red eyes is covering her face with a fan .
A man and a woman with a purse on her shoulder kissing each other while standing in a crowd .
Boy with toy gun pointed at the camera .
an older woman in a Burberry coat , eating .
A yellow car is driving through the street with three pedestrians on a sidewalk .
Two people standing outside a blue tent structure on a snowy surface .
A race car making a quick turn in a wooded area .
A man asleep at a desk in a library reading room .
A person demonstrates a high kick on a road .
A large dock runs into a lake next to a group of people swimming .
A person in blue shorts and a red shirt is trying to hit a ball suspended in midair .
Two children with leg pads are performing stepping actions near another child and an adult .
The dog wades through deep snow with something in its mouth .
Tribesman with a handmade basket full of grass .
A family or a group of friends are having a picnic in what appears to be a park .
A man cutting fabric with colorful strings behind him .
A shirtless man with sunglasses and a helmet is riding a motorcycle next to traffic cones .
A girl is standing in front of an automobile while holding a guitar .
Two people wearing uniforms and carrying bags are walking down the street with a wall in the background .
A teenage girl is wearing a brown hat and a jacket with hearts on .
A woman wearing a bikini is hanging between two decks .
A group of boys are playing on a beach .
A port filled with blue crates .
Several people are lying on a beach together while wearing pants and long-sleeved shirts .
A woman pulling her suitcase down the sidewalk approaches an intersection .
A young man skateboarding on a rail .
An Asian man performing on a stage .
A man jumping in the sand along the shore while holding something in his hand .
Two men participate in a recreation of a medieval sword fight while a crowd watches .
A man dressed in hipster clothing walks by a wall covered in graffiti .
Three people making the most of their traveling experience .
People on a city street window shopping .
A woman holds a poker chip in her hand hovering over the casino table wondering what number to place her bet on while her friends watch .
Two men in business attire standing behind a camera .
A small group of bicyclists are racing .
A man in a green shirt plays with a blond-haired girl .
A surfer in a full body wetsuit in the ocean with a white surfboard .
A woman chats with a smiling police officer .
A man , a woman , and a young girl , rest with water in front of a camper .
An elderly gentleman is exiting a building .
A woman in black pants is looking at her cellphone .
The men are sitting by a fire outside with two black dogs .
A person is wearing a vest that the word paramedic on the back .
A group of refugees and sitting next to their tents .
The swimmer in the middle lane appears to be ahead of the swimmers in the lanes on each side of him .
Brown dog with objest in mouth moving toward camera .
Partially obscured by black duffel bags , a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle .
A brown dog runs in the sand .
Man in black playing with lion statue 's tail .
A man is racing around a racetrack lined with a green fence .
A blond girl is fixing her high heels on a street curb while a man in a black shirt looks at his mobile device .
A person putting peanut butter on bread .
Two dogs meet and check out a third dog at the beach .
Two guys pose with two women , everyone is wearing black and white .
A group of people are enjoying themselves at a table .
A child is playing with two white and black geese .
Some young men looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day .
A red-haired girl holds a cute baby goat .
The dog is in the air above the grass .
A young girl in a summer dress sprays a stream of water from a blue and green hose over several potted plants , one in pink bloom .
A man jumping to make a basketball shot .
five pretty ladies listening to a talk show host .
A man wearing a baseball hat and jacket reads while sitting in an Italian restaurant .
Three people are digging in a desolate suburban desert environment while several others work around the house and cacti in the background .
Young child is falling through the air from a swing .
Woman in pink shirt and black skirt walking down the street .
An Indian man works on a textile in the background while an Indian women works with dyes in the foreground .
A boy in the woods .
Santa Clause singing a song and playing his guitar .
A crowd of variously attired people is walking along a line of orange traffic cones .
Two girls play on a tree branch , one of them holds s dog
A side view of a marathon , with spectators watching .
An unshaven man looks down at a blanket wrapped baby in his arms .
A cyclist who is resting and rehydrating himself .
A boy and a girl are seen , from below , inside a horizontally-suspended tire which attached by a three chains to a horizontal support .
A medium brown dog is jumping over a short brick wall surrounding some dirt .
A little boy wearing a yellow cap is playing a small accordion outside of a Christian Dior store .
A woman kneels in the dirt with paleontologist archeologist tools .
Woman in green cap walks in front of city mural .
This simple fisherman reels in his anchor so he can start to go home as it is about to start raining judging from the overcast .
A standing man is reading a newspaper on a deck in a park type setting .
Three men looking out the door towards an area secured with Caution tape .
A woman wearing a long beige coat is holding an umbrella , protecting herself from the rain , is standing in front of a window that says the Wizard of Oz .
A man throwing an object at a dog who is running away .
Man surfing on board with his dog in the ocean .
a baby sitting on a baby carrier while crying
A father and son hold hands while walking .
A group of people are sitting at a table and eating together , they are in a fine dining establishment .
A teen boy in a blue tie dyed shirt and a red hat is standing outside against a tile wall .
A man is enjoying the sun and open air while sailing on a boat .
Some people are standing , some walking , and one riding a bike , in a paved alleyway .
A group of people seated in a line of seats at an event .
They park under the beautiful tree .
a child watering plants on a backyard
A person sits inside a small plane on the ground .
A woman carries a small , unhappy child in a busy street scene .
A female wearing a black shirt and dark blue pants is practicing gymnastics on a beam , performing a handstnad split that exposes her bellybutton .
A man looks at a woman as she rides a bicycle past him .
A man and young girl eat a meal on a city street .
Girl in a pink shirt holding a box with a face drawn on it .
A man looks like he is going to eat a weird stick with bugs on it .
A group of people gathered outside at a patio table .
A man sitting on a windowsill .
Three black dogs , two with tan markings , are running along grass .
A cat watching a dog with a toy .
One young girl dressed in red polka dot outfit plays with toy .
A shirtless man wearing a vest walks on a stage with his arms up .
A girl with red-hair is standing outside and talking to a man in a white t-shirt and another man that is loosing his hair .
Two women with their arms around each other smile .
A group of people of all ages is standing around a sign that says " Bienvenue Welcome , " and the individuals in the foreground are jumping in the air with their hands raised .
an old man with a blue hat and sunglasses stands by a chain link fence .
Youth basketball players are having a game , one shoots , does he score
An old man is walking home in the rain without an umbrella .
A surfer rides a large wave on a blue board .
A little kid wearing a hat is walking in the wet sand .
A woman is riding a bike through a busy marketplace .
A woman is rolling up a large amount of wool on a tarp that is in front of an animal pen .
A man on a scooter with a red and white jacket on and a camera around his neck .
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face .
Three young girls in front of a gate , with a bright green house in the background .
A white dog is running past a water hose and a stone bench in a yard .
Three women leave Ikea with goods on carts .
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck .
A woman wearing a black shirt is laughing .
A person with a jar balanced on top of their head .
A live band on a lawn jamming out .
A runner is leaping over hurdles .
A doctor checks a woman 's elbow .
People sit in an Asian restaurant .
Two girls have a snow fight near a forest .
A young boy is blindfolded with a mask and hitting a pinata while a young woman and toddler watch .
A short-haired brunette woman is carrying what looks to be a paintbrush and a small girl .
A person is sleeping under a table covered in a yellow blanket .
A group of people watching a chess game .
a person doing the backstroke in a swimming pool
A patrol officer is looking at things lit up on a river .
A woman is hiking towards an orange colored rock face .
A surfer in blue rides a wave .
Asian woman wearing a sunhat while riding a bike .
A man in an orange shirt and hat looks on while a young child walks in the grass .
A man in a yellow hard hat leans against a ledge and a man stands on scaffolding in the distance at a construction site .
An older bearded white man wearing a blue shirt and red jacket looks down at a hotdog he 's holding .
They are sitting on the edge of the pool by the ocean .
A man in a white t-shirt and green baseball hat jumps in the air .
Orange motorcycle racing around a bend in a racetrack .
A girl toddler is sitting on the grass .
Two young adult men are sitting in front of a video game system and playing it .
A girl in stripey socks sleeping on a green sofa with red pillows .
A man and a woman conversing in a city .
A young man is lying underneath a large tree in a park , holding what appears to be a beer .
There children are outside playing , with two boys smiling and running .
Protesters are holding signs in Spanish .
A young boy with long curly hair walks outside with his arms spread .
A man holding a map while rafting .
A male teenager rides his skateboard onto a large rock .
These people are waiting for a performance .
A woman in a coat pulls her selected pine tree through the snow .
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water .
A woman in red jacket is skiing up in the mountain in the snow .
A woman is wearing a dust mask on her mouth whilst walking in the street .
A boy tries to throw water on another person with his water bottle .
Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two cheerleaders above their heads .
A brown-haired woman wearing a red shirt , a blue backpack and sunglasses on her head .
a boy in a red jacket is jumping in the sand
Man in white polo t-shirt with glasses plays a red guitar .
The person is hiking .
Two men are in the sanding playing football in front of an audience .
A man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums .
Young boys playing flag football by a lake .
a lady in a red shirt taking a picture of a statue
The woman in glasses is holding a red and white sale bag .
A younger woman wearing a tee-shirt is taking the blood pressure of an older woman wearing blue .
A man is walking in the shade of a market .
An older woman adding spices to food she is preparing .
Three little girls in matching dresses are on the beach looking out at the water .
The black shirted team are celebrating with one another .
Two men in suits and hats walk together .
A group of people are exercising in a yard and have their hands touching over their heads .
A group of people dressed in Santa Claus suits are looking towards an audience while a DJ runs a sound board and another person throws green balls into the air .
Tourist are enjoying the cameos at a foreign country .
A man wearing white overalls and a baseball cap is holding a paintbrush .
A priest performs religious ceremonies against a colorful backdrop that includes a statue and various religious objects .
Three people sit looking out to road , holding a map between them .
A person sleeping with a newspaper .
A woman with pink-striped hair is about to bite a piece of food as another woman with a pierced lip and short , spiky hair watches .
A young gymnast , jumps high in the air , while performing on a balance beam .
A formal event in a ballroom with one couple dancing , and many people sitting around tables .
A boy is playing in a dark theater near the stage .
A well dressed man standing in front of an abstract fence painting .
A woman smiling while on a bicycle .
A lady in a gray shirt and blue jeans crosses the street at a crosswalk .
Woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
A Jockey riding the # 4 horse is jumping over the hedge .
The little girl is happily making her way past the yellow tables and benches .
A group of young people doing a pose .
Older white male with long hair and wearing dark clothes walks in front of a cafe with another white male wearing a blue shirt and very curly hair .
Colored woman in straw hat sitting on a bench outside .
A group of people stand on a sidewalk in the midst of a discussion .
A kid may be playing soccer while in a suit .
An old man on a subway wearing heavy layered clothing is reading a newspaper .
A woman in a blue shirt rinsing out her mop on the street .
a man relaxing on the beach , in a colorful tent .
Two smiling people with dark hair .
A man is kite surfing away from the camera .
A girl in a white dress holding roses gives some to a man in a gray tank top .
A group of elderly women gather around on a park bench .
Some men are working with hoses and water .
A man is walking around in the city where behind him is traffic and a group of people .
A young performer singing and playing electric guitar .
A pelican in mid-flight above a group of pelicans .
A woman sees what a striped shirt would look like on a boy in yellow .
Little girl playing with a pink hula hoop .
A group of people sitting on railings at a car presentation with the catwalk being red and a red car lighting fixtures , a video screen with a brand on it on a wall in the background .
Four hikers hike on trail through snow .
A construction worker is performing a job on a sidewalk .
A man wearing white shoes riding a red bicycle .
woman in purple shirt fixes her hair in front of man with a tripod .
Four little kids , riding their tricycles around a curvy sidewalk .
A woman with sunglasses on her head is carrying a blond toddler .
A chef tastes his food over a boiling pot .
A group of black boys hold different colored balloon animals .
A girl with her arms raised riding down an inflatable slide .
Something seems to be better than nothing as a young adult male plays a violin near the entrance of a store with his violin case open ready to accept the " tips " of his fans .
An independent band performs with live instruments .
A man on Rollerblades glides down a park path .
A man jumping a wave on a ski mobile on the ocean .
a man wearing a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat .
A dark-skinned man handing someone his phone .
Two dogs tug on a pink and orange ball from opposite ends .
Pedestrians stop to watch a man create a mural on a wall at the side of a street .
Three kids squat down and look at the ground on the shore of a lake .
City worker in yellow safety gear pushing a green trash cart .
Street musicians working for money to survive .
A barefooted little girl in a pink dress is mid-flight in a jump .
Three Asian youth pose for a photo .
Two soldiers wearing camouflage are getting food from a woman in white as two people in white stand behind a counter watching .
A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists .
an elderly woman walking down the street .
A man and a woman practice on a field .
A man riding his bike looking ahead at finish line .
A boy and a girl wearing a blue jacket are having their own snowball fight .
Man in yellow playing guitar on a bench while a child watches .
Woman wearing high heels falls on a cake .
A young boy next to apples at a medieval fair .
Track runners wave to spectators during a race .
Two people are wearing blue suits .
A few kids and adults , wearing aprons making cookies .
A woman in a pink shirt and a man in a Hawaiian short board a yellow bus .
A man washes his blue minivan and two other men wash a SUV .
A man is very excited to add a tattoo to his collection .
A man with his prosthetic leg removed is dressed in blue jeans and a white t-shirt and sitting in front of a blue door .
A man is standing next to a trashcan .
Two greyhounds race .
Two people are fencing while another person is sitting in the background .
Two people looking at clothes in a shop window .
A little boy wearing black and green shorts is digging in the sand with something colored orange .
Four old adults stand around a bathtub while a toddler is taking a bath .
An old man is walking with his head down .
A man is sitting in a tiny bathtub , smiling at the camera with a candle lit in the background .
Someone on a bus reading a newspaper .
People are sitting outside in the sun .
Two little girls reading a book at the library .
Two young boys , wearing just underwear , climb around a vehicle .
An Asian toddler eyes an alcoholic beverage he 's not old enough for .
A man in a black cap and red gown stands in between two other men in caps and gowns .
A man in a Chinese hat walks down the street with a basket of toys .
Four people are lighting multiple lanterns .
An adult hods a baby wearing a bib , the baby has food around its mouth .
A white dog with a branch in his mouth and a black dog .
A worker carries a cable .
A man with a hat kneeling in the road taking a picture .
A group of five people are riding in a canoe in a river .
A cyclist in a helmet is driving down a slope on his bike .
Four construction workers are working at night in the city by the water .
This is a group on young men participating in volleyball .
A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti .
Two men are building something out of wood .
People shopping around a storefront in a foreign city .
Women are outside holding a flag .
A cook preparing a meal in a kitchen .
Young , blond girl in striped shirt , inside playing with spilled Nesquik drink mix .
A girl hugging a woman sitting in a chair .
An old woman in a long white skirt walks out of a shop on a stone road .
A student walking on a sidewalk near a campus .
A woman is standing behind a table with items on display .
A woman writing on a notepad near a portrait outdoors
A woman in a jacket is standing next to a fence playing horse shoes .
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field , with many people watching from the stands .
A male guitarist with close-cropped hair is concentrating on playing a tune on a six-string , electric guitar , standing in a spotlight on stage with band members in shadow behind him .
An old man is speaking in a brown fedora and blue jacket .
A smiling boy goes down a brown slide .
A man in a red shirt is sitting at his desk with one leg on the desk , using a computer with two screens set up side by side .
a man in a white shirt is sculpting
Florida men 's basketball player # 33 shooting basketball .
two black dogs play together on a lawn
A man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs .
a man runs from a bull at a rodeo .
A man wearing a black shirt is sitting by himself at a deli or restaurant .
A woman in blue sweatpants is leaning against her backpack in the forest .
Rugby player lifted to attempt a score against a red team defending .
Camels rise to take a passenger off of a white sand beach .
A piece of cake is being served on a paper plate .
Black and tan dog play fighting with a white and tan dog .
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log .
a person kicking around a soccer ball .
A white dog stands in front of a cow that has its head down and horns directed at the dog .
A older man in a Hawaiian shirt carrying a large bundle on his shoulders .
Protesters surrounded by police .
A woman wearing a yellow flowered top is carrying a Starbucks coffee cup .
A woman in a yellow hospital gown is holding a sleeping child that has a cast on the right arm .
A swan unfurling his wings over the water with a second swan in the background .
A group of people enjoy a roller coaster at Coney Island in New York .
a man is performing a jump on a skateboard in the park .
Male adult practicing skateboard tricks at a skate park .
A rock concert is taking place .
A woman in a purple coat walk past men sitting at a table .
A man in shorts is playing a video game at a kiosk in a public place .
a large green fish jumps out of the water .
Two Asian construction workers working high on a platform .
Large dog out in the snow .
Two people use a plumb line on the ground while a woman in a gray sweater looks on .
White dog running on the grass
A young boy in a green shirt is strapped in a harness climbing a rock wall .
A man and a woman are talking in a park
A young boy with a name badge on his black jacket plays with a hammer and circular saw next to a roll of carpet padding .
Shirtless man laying on a towel in the grass .
A peephole looking through at a man in a blue jumpsuit working
a boy underwater with someone helping him to swim
Carnivals are especially when visiting other countries .
A man wearing a black hat and wearing a purple shirt stops to snap a picture .
A man is sitting in a chair while the barber readies his tools .
A man with a backpack on filming something .
Hippie jam band guitarist rocks out with keytar player in background .
A man and woman both wearing hats and carrying backpacks .
One man smoking a cigarette is talking to a man in a boat .
A girl in a white dress is playing with bubbles while a mother and daughter stand to the side .
An elderly Muslim couple peers and smiles out of a green curtained balcony .
A woman standing on a street sidewalk posing in a wonder woman costume .
A man sits on a box and plays a guitar in the street .
a boy wearing headphones poses in kitchen display
A green pastoral setting has two men standing with luggage in their hands and wearing scout uniforms .
A man sitting at a desk fixing a typewriter .
A smiling man holding sticks and fire stands on the shoulders of another smiling man .
A man and a woman , wearing light blue and black clothing , dance outdoors .
Lady in a white dress walking in the street .
Many people walk around at night .
Two jockeys racing on horses .
A Chinese lady talking with another customer about something enjoyable .
A large number of people participate in an anti breast cancer event .
Two small kids holding hands while walking in a street .
A woman sits down and puts on a pair of red tights .
Two women half another woman fasten up her wedding dress .
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse .
Well dressed children play on the carpet .
A woman pouring batter in a kitchen .
A child wearing a yellow shirt and striped shorts is playing in the park .
A woman has her arm raised ready to bowl .
Two men are climbing a rock face at a waterfall .
Two women are walking through tall grass .
A girl going down a slide .
A cowboy is falling off a bull and looks like he might get trampled .
Group of men sitting around a table having a conversation .
This man is playing an electric guitar .
a girl paints the road .
The old man is taking a stroll .
Two workers wearing black and yellow jackets and white hard hats .
A brunette man sitting next to a picnic table full of a smores ingredients .
Two women in an office discussing something in front of an iMac .
Two men are outside , one is eating .
A man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin , while standing in a room full of food donations .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field .
A child is in midair on a bouncing carnival attraction .
A tractor is pulling something down a dirt road with lengths measured in increments of ten meters .
Boys play basketball on a wood floor near clear glass doors .
A man with a yellow jacket on a motorcycle has stopped to talk to two men .
A man in a tie plays guitar while a well dressed woman looks over sheet music , possibly to sing .
Two guys ; one in white and the other in red are leaping to catch a Frisbee .
A Man with tan pants RollerBlading .
A man in a black coat walks past a red spaceship with a parking ticket stuck to its window .
Young chefs are arranging food in a kitchen .
The dog runs down the wooden ramp .
A yellow and brown dog is going to the bathroom outside .
Two kids are on a fair ride and are slipping to one side of the car .
Someone sits behind a wall at the top of a set of wooden or cement steps .
A nicely dressed woman standing outside waiting for a ride with a two story bus in the background .
There are people at the train station waiting for their trains and other trains are whizzing by them .
three dogs come face to face with each other in a snowy field .
Young boy kicks a soccer ball towards the goal as the crowd watches .
A man wearing a green jacket and knit hat is sorting tomatoes at an outdoor market .
A group of police are standing together at an airport .
Two people overlook a body of water during the day .
Woman sitting on chair reading book with many people standing around her .
Two children dressed as medical professionals touch a baby , while a television is on in the background .
A middle-aged man in blue shirt cutting up and gutting fishes while other men in the background do similar tasks .
A woman in a black shirt is holding a picture of another person .
Two people wearing shorts are sleeping on grass and sand .
A wrestler is jumping off of the ring to hit his competitor .
A man sitting on a park bench watching pigeons .
A baseball player catching the ball in his mitt while another man watches .
A man on top of a rock to view the world
A young woman is playing a stringed instrument in a public place .
An older man holding a crook , outside , wearing a red embroidered hat with a black tassel hanging from it , red glasses , and red and gold embroidered vest over white robes
Soldiers are processing in front of two elephants and an ornate gold building .
A little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy NERF gun .
People on camels crossing desert horizon .
There is a woman in a suit , three women in little black dresses and blue scarves , one woman in a little black dress and yellow scarf , and two women in little black dresses and red scarves all standing on a red stage .
A group of people , at the beach , on a sunny day .
A harpist playing aside a flutist .
Two gentlemen gaze at their crops just outside of a forested area .
Two teams competing aggressively against each other while wearing rollerblades and are all heavily padded .
Two children with wakeboards are standing in deep water .
a man wearing blue has a Mohawk
Two people talking wearing kimonos in the middle of a shopping area .
Three people wearing shorts walk on rocks along the side of a stream in the woods .
A group of construction workers wearing blue have formed a queue while 5 more people in orange and some in plain clothes are also present in a construction site with a blue fencing .
A man in a black shirt plays the guitar surrounded by drinks .
A person swimming underwater poses for a picture with some underwater vegetation .
A man and two children standing on a deck and looking out .
Two men use tools to rip bark off of a tree .
two spotted dogs are running through a field
A big brown dog jumps over a small black dog .
Two woman are smiling for the camera on a ski-lift .
A young boy dressed for winter sleds down a snowy hill .
A woman kicks at a man .
People up form their seats with two TVs hanging up displaying a cruse ship
White dog with dark markings jumping to catch an object .
A man waiting for traffic to stop at road crossing
A photographer capturing a skateboarder mid trick .
An elderly man steps on the pedal as if to mount a bicycle in a city scene .
Dog races through grass by lone tree .
Little boy wearing gray and blue pajamas jumping on furniture with a blue and a orange pillow under him .
Women in bikinis play volleyball on a beach with palm trees and buildings in the background .
A group of people are coming through long tunnel with three escalators in it .
A small child wearing steamed goggles , leans against a green floating device while resting in water .
A young girl in an orange bathing suit is about to splash into a pool .
A young child is picking up Easter eggs in the grass .
A man finishes his hut before the big storm .
Singers entertaining the crowd .
A woman with a black purse and brown coat is standing outside on a city street and there 's a police car driving down the street .
A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone 's kitchen .
A guy with a mohawk is smoothing out some concrete .
The brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow .
A group of dogs standing in a river .
There is a man in a suit speaking in a microphone in front of a screen .
A man holding a drinking glass at the camera .
Construction masons at work laying concrete blocks on a multistory building .
A group of young men are putting something together with a board .
A baby smiles in a Barney car ride .
A person in midair in a grassy area doing a flip
A woman is having a conversation at a craft fair .
She is painting a yellow flower on white paper practicing to become an artist
Three soccer players in red and blue striped shirts hugging on a soccer field .
Two men stand on a street in a city and the man on the right points at something .
A man is getting his book signed by the author .
two dogs bark at a man in a chair .
A woman in a light blue shirt holds an untreated piece of lumber while a man in a short-sleeved white t-shirt with an emblem on the left breast drills into it .
An individual sitting on the dock at the beach looking at the ocean .
A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick over a bike rail .
A teenager is skateboarding in an empty park .
Three men working concessions in front of a restaurant .
A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks .
A woman is looking through a telescope , inside a building with a poster of birds .
Four men are rollerskating in a line , with the last three holding onto the hips of the man ahead of them .
A man in a white t-shirt is crossing the sidewalk .
Four people look into the distance from the top of a concrete structure , with blue lettering on the side .
A child jumping in the air on the beach .
a white and brown dog stands on a stone wall at night whilst snow is falling .
a woman in a green skirt walking on a sidewalk .
Two young children are playing in the living room with some toys .
A view down a city street from a park center .
A black and white dog jomps over another black and white dog to catch a cloth Frisbee .
A number of people are sitting around pulled together tables with office supplies on top of it .
A girl sleeps on a couch while cats sleep near her on the floor .
Police are policing the scene .
A woman in a beige blazer and sunglasses stares toward a man in a striped t-shirt , who is staring at two smiling women in military attire on a city sidewalk .
An older man is giving a younger man a haircut .
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
Asian man making something with string and bamboo , most likely a carpet .
A man wearing a denim jacket is outside playing his guitar as a woman in a pink shirt passes .
urban street busy with traffic with man selling something to a woman with his stand .
People are walking through an alley in Turkey .
A boy wearing a white t-shirt walks on the grass and carries a soccer ball .
A young girl is sitting in a purple fold up chair reading a book .
A woman walks on a street wearing headphones .
The woman is sitting in a hot spring .
A policeman rides on a motorcycle on a city street .
In this photo , a woman is selling market items .
A child is asleep in a green stroller .
A guitarist performs during a concert along with his band mate , on bass guitar .
A man dressed in tan sweater and pants looks down at a wood cross that is bordered by a barbed wire fence .
A man in a sweatshirt is shoveling snow off a sidewalk .
A bald man wearing glasses reads through some sort of manual or report .
Clown who is looking very sad .
Older man with white shirt and gray shorts and sandals walks with older female with an orange hat and purse .
The security guard is smiling .
Two couples dressed in yellow are dancing .
Two young ladies in blocking the smart car display at an auto show
A group of men wearing suits standing with other people sitting , standing , and riding a bike .
a dog jumps in the field .
A man tilts forward on one foot at a bowling alley just after releasing the bowling ball from his hand .
A woman in a white sundress and a straw hat and using crutches , stands outside by a poster on a building wall and looks through her purse .
The girl is wearing a pink tutu and walking through the grass .
A young woman spins on the ice of a busy lake
Stop sign with an " eating " sticker below it and two girls standing beside it .
A little girl walking down the sidewalk .
A man with long hair plays a guitar .
The archery group is participating in a local parade .
A woman is pointing at a computer device for a young girl
An older woman stacks plates to place in her cart .
Two surfers are exiting the ocean while some other people are wading the surf .
A middle-aged man plays a trumpet illuminated by purple lighting .
A woman with a red scarf covering her head walks with her cat on snow-covered ground .
A little kid , with a red toy , is sitting on a tire .
A woman wearing a red vest is sitting in a tent with the words " DiPAOLA TURKEY FARM " written on it
Woman in a pink shirt walking through the bushes .
Two police officers and one man in civilian clothes are standing on a street .
A young boy overlooking a crowd of inflatable boats .
Two males on a cherry picker type of elevator , one wearing a khaki colored shirt and the other a yellow one , working on a cracked side of a building , with red flowers in the window next to them .
A man , with a dog , holding a leash and a small bag .
A man crouches in front of a yellow wall .
A young man wearing a red leotard is performing is gymnastics routine .
Two people in motorcycle helmets are posing for a picture .
A man is dressed up in a black polka dotted hat and cape .
Three men are in a kitchen , and one is making a pizza
A young boy in a red uniform playing soccer .
A man in construction gear is moving a large plank of wood to a new destination .
A woman wearing a white skirt is standing outside the entrance of a cafe .
The store was open even though a man was working on the building .
Adults taking a picture on the coast .
Three women in gypsy skirts stand around the Parking area for the Notre Dame in France .
A young boy and girl on a sandy beach look at sea shells .
The man is opening a box .
A man in an olive shirt texts on his phone as he sits at a table in a cafe .
Several men are working in a shower of metal sparks .
An elderly couple sit next to each other at a coffee shop .
Man surfing at the bottom of a large wave .
A man in a red shirt climbs a rock in the background , a tree in the foreground .
Two men are on stage playing guitars while a third man wearing a baseball hat sings into a microphone .
A boy wearing a cubs uniform winds up to hit a ball on a tee .
Two adult workers from a local company are getting a large amount of food ready on a buffet for a festive picnic with styrofoam plates and bowls .
a young boy wearing a yellow scubba mask giving the thumbs up
Two little girls show off their paper plate snowmen .
A man in a white shirt hugs a girl with blond-hair on the subway .
Woman wearing large glasses while standing outside listening to music .
A female drawing a picture on the ground .
A Chinese restaurant seen through a window .
Three toddlers are running towards the camera in a grassy yard .
A young man bike riding on a dirt path with people watching in the background .
People crossing a long bridge over a canyon with a river .
Two men wearing numbers run in a race as several people in the background look on .
A woman dressed in black is playing the violin in front of some artwork .
There is a biker riding a bike in midair in an outdoor setting .
A man in a red coat stands outside of a store near a big column .
A woman uses a rope to climb a picturesque mountain .
people sit against a wall
Woman with green head garment painting with a small brush .
Five people congregate outside a bookstore .
A man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses .
a man in black plays the harmonica .
A man and a little girl are playing outside .
Women taking a stroll while using their cellular phones on the streets .
A large crowd of people are seated outdoors .
a man and a woman exchange cake .
A man in a green sweater and black vest sitting in a booth .
A brown dog is gallopsing through the grass .
A woman in pink and a man wearing an apron watch a food covered grill .
A group of adults in casual dress sit down to eat a barbecued meal .
Two young men labor in the sun placing tiles on a roof .
A baby in a baseball shirt crawls through a tube .
A man is holding a stick beside a jumping dog .
A German shepherd is jumping over three striped bars in a competition .
A single painter suspended above the ground while he paints a red wall outside .
People are gathered in a city and barefoot children stand near a water fountain .
Two cooks in the kitchen cooking .
Two men walk down a stone stairway , one is riding a unicycle .
Two women , one is wearing orange and pink and the other blue and orange , are weaving and a child is sitting in the middle .
A young girl holds a younger boy , possibly her brother , surrounded by adults , in a public place .
A man in a blue jacket and hat is standing with his arms folded .
A teenager wearing a white , striped shirt is skateboarding .
A person has two small children sitting in front of him on a motorcycle .
A young boy and 2 girls open Christmas presents .
Two ladies pose in front of the Red Bull Energy Drink vehicle .
Three people riding on a blue and white boat .
A costumed diner sits in a restaurant wearing a black outfit that covers their face .
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
A young person in the middle of a bike jump , with onlookers in the background .
Some kids playing near the street .
Two men are jumping and colliding in the air while two other men look on .
Two people are running from something while a person is riding a bike .
A rugby player is jumping up to catching a ball , with a player in blue below him .
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .
A man wearing black jumps over a red and black striped pole .
a boy smiles by the pool .
a man shoots a gun .
Man looks out of second story window .
Two children go sledding .
A dog walking through a small stream with a rag in his mouth .
A female gymnast in a black leotard is landing a move on a balance beam .
People are standing around two four-wheelers on a beach .
A young boy stands in a parking lot and looks back at the camera .
Girl in the middle of a tennis match .
Two dogs try to get the chewed-up red Frisbee from the other .
Girl graduating from college with flower necklace on .
A woman falls asleep on the bus on her way home from shopping .
A young boy in a blue and white uniform is up to bat at a baseball game .
A group of students are sitting outside on campus .
A man walks through an almost-empty street with a plastic shopping bag .
A man hiking in the wilderness giving the camera a thumbs up .
A man is cutting a sausage into smaller portions at a barbecue .
The young girl serves food to the man in the burgundy shirt .
An older man takes a nap on his bike .
A man in a striped shirt is using a microscope .
A young child in a pink coat erasing a sign out on a sidewalk .
Men gather around a computer .
Boy with blue cast sits with a boy in an orange cape .
A dog swims towards a waterfall .
bunches of teenagers are watching a game in a stadium .
A wet dog emerges from deep water .
Here is a picture of an ashtray and glasses on top of a checkered table .
A man and a woman share a kiss on the beach .
A woman with a crazy hairdo is shopping outside .
Two people getting married outside .
A dark-skinned boy talking to a smaller dark-skinned boy in the middle of a street in a rural area .
A man with shorts on is running through a small creek
A man working on his roof .
A man in an orange vest worn over a blue short-sleeve collar shirt sits at a computer terminal .
A young woman posing on a mini-bike .
A tall man in a green sweater is holding his hands out at chest height like he is holding a book in a room of 3 people .
A man selling food concessions during a soccer match .
A cowboy is showing off his mule next to a horse hauling trailer .
The person in green dress is crossing the signal .
A man wearing a traditional Indian costume demonstrates dance moves .
A woman and a young girls in dresses dancing .
An Asian man in a polo shirt repairs a tennis shoe .
A man in a black suit is walking up a street carrying an accordion file and a cellphone .
A male with glasses is playing a guitar with his band .
Two young boys paddle on the water in an older , beaten boat while , in the background , a large , expensive yacht holds a man who is fishing .
A horse bucking a cowboy in a rodeo
A few people on a canoe in the water .
A little girl and boy sitting next to each other looking at a book .
The lady in blue T-shirt is giving something .
A group posses for a photo along a wall .
A woman wearing an apron is using a spinning wheel .
A young boy wearing # 24 uniform is yelling during a football game .
An older woman with glasses is serving herself Raclette in a rustic looking room .
A guy with brown hair in a plaid shirt and jeans is playing a guitar on a street corner .
A large number of railroad workers wearing day-glo orange vests and hard hats are standing on some railroad tracks .
The guy gets thrown out of the raft on the rapids .
A woman is preparing food while others watch .
An old lady standing holding a camera .
A white dog catching a treat in his mouth .
Female US soldier aiding elderly women
An officer directing some people on a motorbike .
A red-haired male is shaving his face .
A worker that is working on the switch with a tool .
Workers place tiles on walls .
A man in a blue striped shirt and jeans along with a woman in a brown shirt walking across the street .
Two shirtless Asian men playing table tennis .
Two guys dressed in white play Cricket .
Two brothers posing for a picture during the sunset .
In this picture , there is a man playing frisbee while enjoying a Yuengling .
A man sitting against a wall with his shoes off .
A little boy trying to solder something .
A boy in a blue bathing suit jumps with his arms in the air in a backyard setting .
A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air
A closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision .
A man is jogging on a road in the middle of an empty field .
A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand .
A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track .
girl in blue shirt playing the clarinet
Man in hat waves to the camera , surrounded by other people .
Two men with children on their shoulders .
A man saltwater fishing on a hazy day off of a pier .
A little girl hugs a performer in a Stitch costume .
A woman in black with white fur-line cat ears and cuffs performs .
A football player calling a time out .
Lone skier walks through the snow .
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow .
A skier skiing down a large mountain
Persons of different races and ethnicities waiting to board a light train .
Two black women are competing or practicing running hurdles on a track .
A blond-haired child performing on the trumpet in front of a house while his younger brother watches .
Two men talking behind a brick wall .
Woman riding her bike next to a busy street .
A woman works in a flower garden .
A homeless man in an alley .
A male musician dressed in white is playing a guitar .
Rider making high jump on motorcycle .
A woman wearing a short-sleeved striped shirt and carrying a green shopping bag examines fish in an open air market while a vendor in a white apron over a gray t-shirt hands her an empty plastic bag .
A girl with a purple mo-hawk pointing .
A man in a blue shirt is staring into double glass doors .
A woman in a bikini top is on the bench and a man with no shirt is talking to her .
The teenager is attempting a skateboard trick at his local skate park surrounded by palm trees .
Three males standing on the ledge of a mountain with binoculars in had and their dog by there side
Two women dancing to a band at a concert on a carpeted floor .
A man in a red shirt and brown shorts and a black cap is sitting near a river with a fishing rod in the water .
Two men of hispanic descent are working at the wood boards .
In this group of people , two men are in military camouflage and one is shaking hands with a woman .
A young man with sunglasses and a blue tank top is playing guitar and kicking up his right leg .
A man joyfully goes for a swim at sunset .
A small boy wearing red runs towards a soccer ball .
Boy drinking , at backyard table full of bowls of food .
A woman is standing in a parking lot holding an umbrella .
A young man dressed in black is playing a Yamaha musical instrument .
A man with a grayish blue shirt , red and blue vest , black pants , sunglasses , and earphones is standing beside a red helicopter , while the door is open revealing the inside of the helicopter , with it 's pilot and other earphones hanging in the background .
A motorcycle rider navigating his bike over a stone obstacle .
a man in a headscarf and a black jacket holding something
A man with a black hat drawing in the sand in front of a young boy .
A clown is holding up his right hand while talking to a little girl .
A little boy puts his face up to the uniquely-shaped window .
Two West Highland Terriers chase a red ball .
Man plays fetch with his dog near a boat dock .
A man working on a concrete building .
A tan dog runs along a beach near wood stumps .
Five young boys walking through a city street .
A young infant in a white top crying .
Several men working at a desk .
A man rollerblading on a ramp
An ice cream truck employee is sitting on the side of the ice cream truck .
A man bathing himself in a fountain .
A young man is doing an ollie at a skateboard park .
A man with brown hair is wearing goggles on top of his head , and a gas mask over his face .
A young child smiles as she plays in water and holds onto a wooden pole .
Boy in shorts , face down in shallow , reflective water .
A monk in a cream tunic standing in a marketplace .
A man riding a horse in those jumping competitions jumping a very large wall with a cameraman in the fore ground .
A person in a black hat is holding multicolored juggling pins .
Three people playing football in the rain .
Reflections of people walking in a big city .
A young boy wearing safety glasses watching a handsaw cut through metal .
A distracted little boy waiting for his soccer game to begin .
Two sub Saharan African girls in purple dresses sit on the ground .
A skateboarder rides the bowl of a skate park while a man watches in the background .
A snowboarder balances on an obstacle , with a bright light in the background , while snowboarding at night .
A street artist is drawing a portrait of a young boy
A woman and two young men , standing close to one another .
An Indian women sits in a small room designing beautiful pictures on fabric to make blankets and such on the cloth .
Man checking under the hood of a vintage car in a parade .
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass .
A male with curly hair is high up in a large tree .
Two little boys walk towards a bike in front of a yellow wall .
A crowd is watching street performers .
A baby holds a toothbrush while sitting in a sink .
Two young women laughing at a convention .
The little white dog is trying to bite onto the stick that the black dog is carrying .
A dog leaps high to catch a ball .
A couple takes in the view at the water at dusk .
A man sitting on the ground carving a green coconut with a large knife .
A group of men are filming in a dingy street setting .
A woman with a long ponytail standing in the street in a uniform .
A middle-aged women in a black shirt speaks into a microphone .
A boy pours tea from a pot into a glass .
A man with a video camera is videotaping a soldier in a hard hat .
Two women are in a bathroom and one has a broom .
An elderly gentleman very smartly dressed .
A woman carrying large bags walks down the street .
A group of people sitting around a living room chatting .
A dog running through snow with trees in the background
A group of men putting up a wall with a yellow house in the background .
Two young girls in white tops holding hands in mid jump while jumping on a light green couch in front of a white and blue wall .
A blond-haired boy in his pajamas sits on a red chair next to a black guitar and looks at a book .
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her .
Child taking a picture while sister leans on the wall .
The black dog is jumping over the white pole in the grass .
A man in a yellow coat jumps his snowboard off a rail .
A skateboarder grinds down a long rail .
A person with red pants with cover over her head sitting in front of multiple computers .
A baby girl wearing an orange and pink outfit is smiling while being held .
Damage control cleaning a fire .
A man wearing a bib with a red crab on it is trying to decide if he wants to eat a boiled crab .
Horse and cart moves down street , a man in red drives , two passengers sit in the back .
An older woman looking at herself through a mirror .
A girl slides down a hill on her red rocket sled .
Young boys play touch football .
A man with a newspaper cart is standing in front of an information sign .
Two young boys , sitting in front of a window , looking at each other .
Huge crowd at a Birmingham event .
Soccer players wave to the stands .
A young man in a red vest swings from a blue rope atop a pink ball .
A crowd of people are enjoying a meal with a view of a mountaintop .
Two people jogging with water on one side and green leafy trees on the other .
Two guys playing a guitar on stage with many lights .
An aggressive dog .
Three people sit looking over a drainage ditch next to a crocodile warning sign .
The little girl , in a pink shirt is playing checkers .
A woman in sunglasses works a crossword puzzle on the train .
A man on a mountain bike is pedaling up a hill .
A group of men playing soccer , most of them looking at one man in black .
Unicyclist rides around a little person to entertain a small crowd of onlookers .
A group of people standing watching a man throw a wooden stick outdoors .
A child playing with her peers in the school playground .
A person wipes out in the water .
An Asian girl smiles while holding a lamp .
There is a guy and a girl on BMX bikes , both have stopped and appear to be talking .
A surfer cutting up some waves .
Several people inspecting the merchandise displayed in this tent .
A white dog catching a soccer ball midair .
The man is climbing up a steep snowy mountain .
One man is holding a guitar in front of a microphone while there are people standing behind tables at an event .
Several people wearing foil crowns gathered around a table eating .
A man is presenting food samples to a crowd of people .
A man smiling into the camera , wearing a hat with sunglasses on top .
A man waits at a light to cross the street .
A woman in a multicolored dress stands over a grill cooking .
A scruffy cameraman examining his equipment .
Asian fisherman standing in a boat .
A brown dog is doing amazing stunts in the dog show .
A man , dressed in a orange vest is trimming the hedges with a lawn instrument .
A Lounge & Grill with pedestrians casually walking by .
A brown dog is jumping up at a black and white dog .
Several people in hard hats stand near a red and white crane .
Two bikini clad girls playing volleyball at the beach .
A man supports a boy as he plays at a playground .
Man in blue shirt working the bar .
an adorable little baby sleeps as a woman is holding her .
A little boy jumping in the air .
A man and a woman standing outside a house next to an audio speaker .
A man and two children watch the birds from a distance .
A young man plays with a very young baby .
A woman delivery truck driver is reaching for a box .
White male squirting lighter fluid on charcoal grill coals while drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette in the woods .
Five girls wearing orange shirts and one legging dancing at a game .
Two kids sit Indian-style , staring at the ground .
A crowd of people are looking at books on tables .
A man and a woman are walking in the snow .
A boy carries a boogieboard on the beach .
little girl is on beach and playing with sand
The brown dog is running towards a blue and yellow tube .
Some Marines in an honor guard are carrying flags and marching in a low key parade in front of a few spectators sitting on a curb .
a man in a green shirt standing next to a trashcan .
The two dogs are running through the grass .
A guy with lots of tattoos and a black shirt with white lettering spelling " stheart " putting on a rock concert .
People walking on a beautiful day in San Francisco .
A man wearing a leather jacket and denim jeans is standing in front of a store while holding a leash with a cat on the end of it
A young girl and a dog next to her are looking at something in a stream .
A woman in white sitting down getting her hair dried by another lady .
A little boy is sitting on the edge of the pool and eating a fruit .
A soldier in uniform rides a brown horse .
Two men work with wooden beams in a room undergoing refurbishment .
A truck passing out food donations to disaster victims in need .
A group of people hanging out on a sidewalk .
A man with a black helmet is sitting on a black motorcycle .
Firemen preparing to handle a situation at a company .
Five men , wearing orange reflective suits , working on railroads .
Young kids play in the shallow water of a beach .
A group of people are mingling .
A woman and her son play in the sand on a sunny day in the beach .
A man sitting at a fruit stand surrounded by watermelons .
A man holding a guitar sings .
A man grilling meats and mushrooms on a grill .
A man in green is on top of an animal while spectators watch at a rodeo .
A man in a cap holds a vuvuzela horn and waves a large red & green flag adorned with a crest .
A male skateboarder is skating in a vandalized skate park .
A man in a gray T-shirt works the bellows to start a fire on a brick oven inside a wooden shed .
A man working with wood while sitting on the ground .
A serviceman wearing a hard hat being lowered below a sidewalk .
Two men in police uniforms are talking .
A man in a yellow shirt riding a blue bicycle moving very fast .
A crowd of people gather nearby to watch the parade .
Two kids are riding camels nearby rural structures overlooked by mountains .
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing its teeth .
A small child sucks his thumb while sleeping with a pink blanket on a multicolored seat .
A man fly fishing .
Man in black prepares to ten-pin bowl .
Four people are in the woods taking a hike .
A happy young boy sits in a chair with a large Elmo doll .
A group of motorcyclists drive around a parking lot .
An old woman prepares food with a rolling pin .
A soccer player tries to kick the ball in the goal .
A group of people hang out on the dock , drinking some beers .
A woman and two elderly men are standing in front of a speaker .
Two young woman ice-skaters race in a rink .
Four tattooed women jump and pose in front of a black background .
A mother peacefully works on making a beautiful and colorful mat while her son admires her skills .
Two young ladies play chess in a restaurant .
The people await to cross the street while walking the dog .
The little boy is wearing red shorts and a white t-shirt and has his head resting on a baseball bat .
The black dog and the brown dog are on the ground .
7 people who are wearing all black are walking on a glacier .
The crusaders are marching along the road .
A woman in a dress takes a picture in a room .
a man is posing next to a urinal with a cup of coffee .
A happy boy in a black striped shirt cutting something out from a piece of paper .
Fisherman on boat grabbing a net filled with what appears to be clams .
Friends , out enjoying a drink together .
A little girl is posing on some pumpkins within an area surrounded by flowers .
A man in a gray hoodie is talking with a smiling woman in a black suit .
The football team is ready to make a well calculated play .
The man in a red shirt just got a rebound in a basketball game .
An African man carries a large bundle of long grasses in a marshy field .
The boy and girl are wearing swimming goggles .
An African-American man is standing in the street with a bowl of bananas on his head .
Many people wearing blue jackets are marching down a street .
a child in a camouflage bathing suit is playing with the sprinkler on a sunny day .
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children 's outdoor playground .
a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree .
A little boy who is walking in the wilderness by himself .
The two ladies are riding bicycles near the beach .
People are standing in and outside of a building marked Tourist Info .
A man resting his legs on spool of metal cable .
A person is kneeling between two horses
Brunette female wearing yellow bikini top , has large tattoo inked across her lower back , and a blue towel draped across her right shoulder .
A football player is attempting to tackle a player on the opposing team who is running with the ball .
A rodeo with a cowboy in green chaps , on a bucking bronco as the audience looks on
The man is in the pool and throwing a small boy into the air .
A man relaxes lying down on the grass at a park area , between two trees , facing a small lake , with buildings and cars visible across the lake .
The tourists are out on the river in Italy , the man in the black and white striped shirt will tell them about the seine .
A little girl hangs her head upside down .
A man in a brown canoe is fishing in a lake surrounded by a forest .
A young lady puts her toes in a lake in a forest .
A woman in fairly revealing clothing
A young blond child playing
A young woman with a multicolored flower dress walks with her male friend who has a black shirt and sunglasses on .
Three girls , who are sitting as passengers in a van , smile and pose for a picture while driving .
A diverse group of younger looking people seem to be waiting for a lecture to start .
A sitting woman is laughing beside a man in a blue jacket .
People enter a large building .
A group of street musicians laying music .
Football player tackling another player in a football game .
Children play on a merry-go-round as adults look on from a bench .
A doll and stuffed dog sit in the back window of a car .
Two dogs wrestle in the grass .
A young man and woman are playing some sort of stand up arcade game .
A little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes .
Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch .
Men in uniforms talking in front of a building .
a little boy jumps onto a bed .
Several workers trudging down a dimly lit subway tunnel .
A man wearing an orange shirt and glasses is sitting outside reading a book .
A small boy blowing bubbles while a small girl stands behind him in the grass .
Several people dressed with angle wings and orange vest waiting for the subway .
A man is loading a washing machine .
A trick rider wearing a bright green outfit carrying an American flag riding a paint horse with green riding gear .
A man finds a unique place to sit and rest on a city sidewalk .
With passengers in the background , a woman peers out of a subway car window .
A woman wearing a hood gives two peace signs while the man next to her claps and the woman behind her raises up her arms .
A blue and yellow sports car accelerates around a curve .
A young man in a tank top doing a stunt on a skateboard .
There is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake .
People smoking in a smoking area .
A baby in a pink sweater looks up at a leafy branch .
Two football players chase after a the ball .
African children playing on a dirt road with bicycle tubes near a village .
Three men are standing outside and one is holding a shovel full of dirt .
Construction workers toil on in a trench .
A lone , 2-3 year old blond child in a blue jacket is putting a small black plastic item in his mouth as he kneels on a waiting room couch pointed toward the back while looking at something or someone not in the room .
A man skateboarding in the street with his arms raised .
German people are having a dinner party in their swank high-rise apartment .
A man with a race ID number on his shirt stops to tie his shoe .
People gather at a vintage ice cream truck to receive traditional ice cream .
A dog swimming though water holding a stick .
Four women posing for a picture .
The two old grandmother is talking each other .
A man wearing glasses with his hands clasped as if in prayer .
A woman with a ponytail in a leather jacket is standing outside of a store that says " Since 1889 . "
A guy in a blue shirt is trying to block the guy in the red shirt .
Fisherman on boat out on sea .
Two children in winter coats are walking down a sidewalk .
A man in a white shirt cutting food with a knife .
A man in a yellow shirt is getting ready to ride a bike .
A woman in blue goggles is sitting in a pool .
A man dressed in winter clothes cutting down a tree in a snow filled field .
Several people are working together in a wooded area .
Two men are sitting on a white couch .
A person in a black jacket and light blue pants appears in the air with a custom snowboard .
A red vehicle outside of a construction zone .
Asian man talks on the phone while sitting in a chair and another looks out the window .
The man with the hard white hate is drilling a hole into a pole .
A baseball player wearing a blue shirt runs toward the home plate as the opposing team 's catcher tags him , the catcher 's face mask flies away of the third base foul line , and the catcher 's teammate covers the home plate .
Two kids are filling their plastic cups with beans .
A woman playing tennis preparing to serve the ball .
The little boy in the yellow tunnel is wearing a yellow shirt .
A woman in colorful ethnic clothing paints henna on a person 's hand .
Tennis player uses backhand in a match , possibly a doubles match .
A lone skier is making their way up a mountain .
a boy in a purple shirt is doing a skateboard stunt on a wooden ramp beside a white building .
A woman dressed in blue holding the reins of a brown horse by a racetrack .
A pastor on a cellphone in front of a stone building with five officers wearing green uniforms ; two are standing while the others are seated .
An elderly woman , a man and a woman standing on a sidewalk together .
A group of people socialize at a bar .
A man in an orange shirt is working on a large sand sculpture .
Smiling children are sitting on concrete slab displaying a small item in their hands .
A woman in a green t-shirt speaks into a microphone .
A tennis player in white shirt and skirt wears a white visor .
A man walking in front of a cleaning van .
Large brown dog runs through a large grassy area .
A young woman is sitting outside next to a tree .
A young man is doing a back flip into a sparkling green lake while others watch from below .
Four children sitting in a pastel-colored classroom .
A billboard of a man is above a McDonald 's restaurant .
A lady is walking across a road using an umbrella to shade her from the sun .
The child is running through a puddle in a street .
Children play in an inflatable pool .
A boy on a mountain bike lands after a jump while riding in the forest .
Two young smiling Asian women dressed as geisha .
Girl dressed in white dress and black heels standing by small table and chairs , with ocean in background .
a boy scout ceremony , maybe a funeral .
Woman hanging clothes on shower curtain rod .
A woman with orange hair sitting behind a table with Tye-dyed t-shirts on them .
A man standing in snow in front of a red nissan jeep .
Men transporting blocks of ice .
A man with long hair is playing a guitar .
A paintball team shoots
A black and white dog is running out of a yellow tunnel with his trainer next to him .
A male dressed in a sports outfit tries to catch a baseball .
A beautiful girl are playing with bubbles
Hockey goalie attempting to block a shot by Brian Nugent
3 people in a hot , sandy place looking in a bag .
A man attempts to blow bubbles .
A wedding photo , the bridesmaids in purple , all of the groomsmen jumping .
A man in a gray shirt sits with several pairs of shoes around him .
A group of friends smile for a picture at the beach .
A woman in a jean jacket and black sunglasses stands outside with two young boys by a kiosk , looking at a paper she is holding in her hand .
People are walking past a vendor on the street who has a lot of large mylar balloons .
Lady in red sweatshirt taking a walk on a rocky hill .
The man and the woman are sitting at a table in a food court .
A woman is showing a doll to a group of children .
Hard hat workers are descending into cement walls .
A woman in a red sweater is resting her head on the shoulder of a man sitting next to her with a beard , blue jacket and jeans while riding public transportation .
A woman is mountain climbing with a light blue shirt on .
A woman is running on the beach .
A woman is taking food from a food stand .
A man wearing a yellow shirt balances himself on a raised chain link .
An elderly woman with missing teeth holding a flower .
Two people walking across a street .
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake .
Tractors are digging in a small area in front of a piece of art .
A young boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash register , pretending he runs a grocery store .
Woman with pink umbrella walking down rainy urban street .
A group of men stand talking in front of a statute of a blue lion .
A tan dog carrying a stick runs over a garden hose lying in a low cut grassy area .
A woman dressed in a long plaid dress and a man in kilts and red plaid socks are on the wooden floor dancing with other couples .
Young boys stares deeply into the camera .
Several tall women jumping into the air while wearing traditional matched outfits and sandals with three aloft hot air balloons in the background .
Two coast guard officers out on a training mission .
Two women giving a musical performance .
A little girl in Dora pajamas sitting on the floor .
A tan and black dog opens its mouth for a red ball .
Girl kicking in midair surrounded by onlookers
a shirtless man jumps into the water .
Three toddler aged girls and a grown woman perform in ballerina outfits
Little boy and a dog are playing in a fenced in backyard with snow on the ground .
A man on the street playing a guitar .
A girl in a blue two piece bathing suit at the beach .
A blue phone booth sits next to a display window .
A man in a purple shirt yelling with arms raised while holding a notebook and pen in his left hand .
A rock climber repels down a cliff face above a heavily wooded area nearby mountains .
Two women and a man posing on a rural path
A woman making a clawing gesture with her hand is dressed in a red outfit .
A man with a toy in his hand on a beach playing with his dog .
A young boy wearing blue swim trunks and goggles is jumping into a swimming pool .
A man in a blue jacket riding a dog sled over a snow covered plain .
An Asian girl and boy playing on with a yellow ball on a black and white floor .
A closeup of a small black and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A dog runs behind another at a park .
A colorfully costumed group of women and children performs a dance on stage .
Two girls in rainbow colored bikini tops walking beside an orange VW Beetle .
A small child in a green jacket eating something .
An older gentlemen wearing a white hat is sitting on a stool outside on the sidewalk while his dog patiently waits for him .
If this sculpture were real heads would roll .
A smiling man in the driver 's seat of an automobile turns to the backseat .
A group of men sit at a table , drinking beer .
A group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking .
A young girl and a young guy are outside on a street facing each other .
A man in costume drums in a parade .
A caravan of snowmobile travel through the snow .
The camera looks up at two people from waist level as they interact with each other - they both wear glasses and the man on the right is holding a bottle .
An older gentlemen walks up a concrete flight of stairs .
A black dog rears out of a pond , carrying a big stick in his mouth .
A dog jumps to catch a ball in a grassy field .
A man wearing a suit has a burlap bag over his head as a face .
A man laughing while at a restaurant .
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans stands in front of a shop window next to a open cellar .
a little girl sitting in a seat .
Someone is walking a dog .
A woman searching in her purse for something .
A blond toddler in a puffy jacket sits at the top of a blue slide .
a woman holding a child at a picnic
A couple with a child laying on a blanket in the grass .
A man with a hankerchief on his next and pierced ears looks off into the distance .
Two boxers fight in a well-lit ring surrounded by poorly-lit seating .
Two people playing baseball .
A baseball player in a black jersey is getting ready to hit a baseball with his bat .
This couple is enjoying a bike ride through Amsterdam and using their guidebooks to find an especially interesting route .
Two mothers stroll their children in the park , during the beginning of Autumn .
A group of revelers dressed in black and red outfits with horns marching through the street at night with giant sparklers .
Two young children playing cricket in a field .
A man is throwing his young son up into the air on the beach .
A black woman with an afro and glasses walking down a street in chinatown , talking on the phone and wearing a multicolored scarf .
A woman , in a blue and black wetsuit , is water boarding .
Two women , one with red-hair , stand outside a store .
A man is selling many brightly colored balloons with character faces on them , like Spiderman and Winnie the Pooh .
Female getting ready for the first breaking a billiards hall .
A little girl in a pink shirt holding headphones in a grassy area .
A choir is singing with a conductor guiding a symphony in a roman style building in front of a large gold statue of a woman and a snake .
A group of individuals conversing and drinking beverages .
A young boy plays in the snow without a shirt on .
The brown dog is running through the dry grass with a ball in its mouth .
Two cars and three men are standing next to a loading dock .
Two children sled down a hill on a plastic discs often referred to as " saucers " .
A group of younger people posing in front of a guard rail on the side of a road .
A store displaying many skeleton-themed materials .
Four dogs of varying breeds running through a field .
Hiker with yellow backpack stares into fog .
A woman is pushing her child in a stroller while walking with her family .
A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together
a white dog runs along the beach
A little girl with a red shirt , blue jeans , white and blue tennis shoes wearing a multicolored bookbag on her back running in front of an old condemned building with the words Prave in red written on the wall .
A car with large full bags on its top .
A brown dog is sitting on a cobbled pavement .
Protesters in elaborate makeup and midriff baring shirts hold signs .
A man with a long maroon hat is drumming on a black metal bowl .
People are sitting in a subway car reading , and one girl is sleeping .
A older woman cleaning the window of a door .
A man is standing up holding a green bowling ball with his right hand .
Three people are hanging out .
A little boy in a striped shirt has his hands on his head .
Person with a red bandanna is skateboarding down a pole with buildings in the background .
Three people in special operations gear cross the street near a crime scene .
A woman in a bikini climbs rocks next to a rocky stream .
Approximate 5 year old boy , all in black , walking on rippled beach .
A violinist playing at a local bar .
Biker riding through the forest .
A man in a light blue cap is riding on a cart behind an animal who is pulling the cart .
Two men are wrestling inside an army gymnasium .
A boy is surfing .
A person takes a drink of water while riding on a bike .
A man wearing BMX gear and a helmet rides a bicycle on rocky terrain .
A fun , well-lit shot of a house party with three people dancing with glowing wristbands and light sticks , and four others talking in the background .
Two players fencing inside a gym with several spectators in the background .
An Asian woman is brushing her teeth in front of a mirror .
A younger boy wearing headphones with a microphone laughs with an older boy wearing a green t-shirt while looking at a computer screen .
A little boy jumping next to a lake .
A guy wearing a black hoodie and sunglasses is speaking into a microphone , while a guy in a ski mask plays a guitar in the background .
Two children are sitting outside at a table with popcorn all over it .
A teenage boy grinds his skateboard over a red rail .
A little boy holding a baby reptile .
man balancing clear ball on the back of hand
Men in white outfits are holding up their hands .
The red and yellow uniformed players of a soccer team work together to fix a soccer net .
A man in a black long-sleeved tee-shirt is walking down the street with a cane .
A man in a green shirt is doing a trick on a skateboard .
Two female soldiers in uniform sit behind a desk while reading and sorting through piles of papers .
A chef in a red apron and white hat is carving meat from a spit .
A woman standing on stage singing in front of a microphone .
People walk up steps from a large subway station while others stare from the ledge above them .
A person is working on the machine .
A toddler-aged girl holding a toothbrush in a room next to a tunnel toy .
A snowboarder at the top of a slope reaches down to grab his board while in midair .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .
Two men are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniform .
A group of girls in a huddle .
A small image used to signify a broken web image link
A woman in a long purple and gray dress is standing next a motorbike .
A man in a hat enjoys a beer .
A man and a woman are holding a sign that says teaching children .
Two men enjoying a game of pool .
A middle-aged light brown-haired woman in brown shirt fixing her hair .
In this photo , a woman is running in a marathon .
an old woman selling fresh spices .
A guy in a plaid shirt is skateboarding up a ramp .
A softball player with the number ten on the back of her blue jersey is running toward home plate .
A woman , sitting on steps , in front of a concrete block wall , with a red heart drawn or painted on it .
A group of people are sitting on stools eating some food
A woman wearing sunglasses is holding an infant with a colorful hat in her arms .
A group of men walk down a city street .
Two law enforcement officers are looking into the trunk of a car which is blocked off with yellow police tape .
A dog running in the water .
A woman in a black jacket and jeans is rollerblading in a rink .
Two girls decorating a christmas tree .
Young couple in formal attire hold hands
Two young boys playing with sparklers .
A swimmer wearing goggles and white cap is in the pool .
two construction workers wearing orange safety vest are having a heated discussion .
Women wearing red and black are clapping .
a dog runs through the water .
2 gypsy women in colorful dress with cutoff shirts dancing in a circle .
Two people , one is riding a white horse and the other is riding a brown horse .
A child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows .
Four musicians wearing some kind of European garb are playing in the street .
A man in a light blue polo shirt plays an arcade game in the middle of a grocery store .
An African American woman donning a black t-shirt with the text " your daily cup " works behind the counter of a coffee shop .
A brown dog is sitting in the front of a canoe .
A woman in a trench coat hailing a taxi for a ride .
A man in a white " staff " shirt on the floor .
Two men in military uniform , a man in a tuxedo , a man in a suit , and a woman in a black cocktail dress are holding sheets of paper and singing .
child in red shirt waits in line along with many other people .
A man is bowling using empty spray cans as pins in front of a wall covered in graffiti .
A crying baby is lying on a towel .
a dog jumps over the pole .
Little kids are jumping around in the sprinklers .
Several people watching as a skateboarder leaps down a flight of stairs .
White dog biting orange cat .
A man wearing a black beret , black coat , and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd
Two men wearing shorts are going up outside steps .
Athletes running in a race .
Several bikers on a stone road , with spectators watching .
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room .
A group of people gathered to watch fireworks .
Police in full riot gear run towards where they are needed .
A man watching three people swim in a pool .
A man is kicking another man in the head .
An Asian band , whose guitarist is shown near the right and those drummer is shown on the left , plays in a venue lit with blue rope lightning and a reddish cattle skull wall fixture .
A person with headphones is riding a bike with a basket .
A man is shaving in a bathroom , but the shaving cream is all over his face , shirt and hair .
Two boys and a ball
Ladies dancing in Latino dance-wear , on a road .
2 people stand up wearing black at an old persons home , while some onlookers sit in wheelchairs nearby .
A man doing some roofing work on a very steep roof .
The black dog jumped the tree stump .
Musicians singing in a music concert in Los Angele 's , California .
A person plays cricket while being watched by a crowd .
Four hockey players and a referee on the ice .
A man in a black coat is setting up his camera to take pictures with .
Two women wearing glasses one is laughing and one is smiling .
A man wearing a blue shirt and tan pants crossing the street .
Four people are walking on a beach .
Two ladies are looking at jewelry .
A crowd of people wearing helmets sit on motorcycles .
A White man is playing a guitar in a recording studio .
Two men in orange hazard vests and sandals paint a curb white : one man , in tan khaki shorts , a backpack , and a yellow polo is crouching as he paints , and another in a blue and yellow shirt and gray khakis holds a small bucket and brush as he stands and watches his partner .
two little girls , one in a green jacket and one in a pink jacket , and a little boy in a green jacket holding an apple sitting on a rock .
A brown dog playing in mud .
Many people are sitting at tables outside .
Two children are standing in front of a dinosaur skeleton .
The men are sitting down and playing their instruments .
Many people are practicing in a field and a woman in a black tank top is watching a man do a high kick in the air .
The man holds a wooden paddle in a canoe with his dog .
A man and a boy fix a blue bicycle .
Children and adults standing outside with balloon animals .
A woman with a blue shirt wearing a hat is holding a young girl wearing pink pants .
Three women participate in a roller derby .
a black girl walking down the sidewalk with a cellphone in her hand .
A man in a red jacket is leaning against a building .
A girl with blond-hair is connected to ribbons of many colors and is enjoying some sort of celebration .
Someone is running down the side of a mountain .
A man in a helmet is standing .
A man take a picture of a woman in a blue top and jeans standing on a stump near the water .
A man in a white short and shorts hits a tennis ball .
Three children are playing with balls near to an American flag .
Two women , one older and one younger , are stopped on a sidewalk looking at the same thing .
Two excavators are being towed by a large truck along the highway .
A man in a striped polo plays a blue electric guitar .
Two young boys in blue shirts and a girl drinking from a juice container at a picnic table
A man in shorts is washing his boat in his driveway .
A pair of female volleyball players reach for a volleyball .
Some women are standing in front of a bus with buildings behind it .
A speedboat rips through the water .
A sweaty drummer feels the music as he drums away .
A vendor stands in his stall that is filled with candles .
A group of people playing a board game .
An older man with his nipples peirced stands shirtless .
A young couple enjoying some snow cones on crowded street .
A man in a leather jacket and cowboy style hat standing beside a mailbox and group of birds .
A man in a black shirt is using a hammer on metal pipes .
A kid hangs upside down on the monkey bars at a playground .
A woman dancing at the club .
A man in a red shirt , with two women and another man standing in some sort of marketplace .
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow .
a brown dog is chasing a black dog through the snow in front of a wire mesh fence .
A tan dog jumping off of a boat into the water .
A woman with flowers locking up her bike .
An artist in a black sweater is sculpting large rocks .
A man in a white shirt black tie looks out of the elevator shaft of a parking garage .
A large building with the number four displayed at the top sits in an urban setting .
A young woman is ready to eat the pizza .
A girl wearing flip-flop sandals swinging on a swing set in a park underneath fluffy white clouds .
Workers kneel down in a stone pathway .
A girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat .
Two athletes participate in Japanese wrestling match .
A black dog looking at a fly .
Outdoor market selling fruit and vegetables .
A man wearing a headset is giving a presentation .
A man is tossing a toddler into the air .
a man is sitting in a wagon with a donkey attached
Three people wearing life-vests are paddling along in a canoe on a small river in a marsh .
A person climbing a large mountainside .
A man in a blue sweater , black leather jacket and gray hat is surrounded by people .
A woman using her MacBook in between 2 large speakers .
A woman in a red robe bows her head before a large stone brick wall .
A woman walking with guitar
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football .
A man and a woman are sharing a dishwashing task in a kitchen at the sink .
A man and two women are riding a vehicle that is racing past the surrounding scenery .
Boy climbing a rock wall .
Construction workers are hard at work .
A man with a name tag that says " Jim " is knitting .
A bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .
Seven people wearing winter clothes are seated in a bus .
A man with a jackhammer demolishing cement
one girl taking a picture of her friend
Three teenage boys are running towards an older man in a white shirt .
A old couple is playing musical instrument on a street corner .
Many people in costumes are smiling at a party .
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee .
Five men wearing hats are sitting in a circle playing various horn instruments .
Three people are sitting outside at a table with artwork leaning against it .
Firemen are putting our a fire .
The black dog is running through a swampy area with pieces of wood its mouth .
A person in the woods on a muddy trail rounds a corner on a bike .
A snowboarder is leaping a mogul .
a man wearing a yellow bike helmet walking his yellow bike along a sidewalk
A bearded man gestures with his hands in a kitchen .
Two young Asian boys hold their hands up in the " peace " sign by a white tile wall .
A young girl wearing sunglasses fishes on a pier .
Three dogs on grass , one with a blue ball in its mouth .
A boy sitting on a concrete wall with a hat on .
A woman in a white shirt holds a book while speaking to a group .
Outdoor workers repair a sidewalk using a jackhammer in the United Kingdom .
A player throws a ball and other tries to catch it .
A woman in a red coat is leaving a photo shop .
Woman riding a red bicycle down a city street , with a few people in the background .
A man is sprinting by another man with an umbrella .
the band is getting ready for tonight 's show with a pre-show run through .
Two men in black hoodies , one of which is smoking a cigarette standing next to a fire .
A young Asian girl in a tube top holds out her camera to get a picture with her friend who is making the peace sign .
A man examining what appears to be food in a kitchen .
In an empty fitness center , a woman crouches and prepares to lift a long weight .
Three boys playing on computers .
A boy recoils from the impact of sand onto his bare chest .
A man in a light blue shirt walks towards the camera as another man and a police officer walk away .
A man on a bicycle jumps over jagged rocks amongst tall pine trees .
A woman with a pink bikini diving into a pool .
A group of Asian men are playing a game .
An old man is walking past by a flower 's shop .
Workers build up a new brick house .
A older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi .
A young man operating a tractor .
A man is bent down painting red on a wall adjacent to a ramp .
A woman with a straw hat is carrying a couple of baskets and bags over her shoulder while walking between a car and a taxi .
Senior citizen with blue shirt and blue pants standing outdoors with hands behind his back .
Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man 's forehead
A woman in shorts and sandals is being pulled by a small child as a subway train goes by .
A young , redheaded boy is dressed in a band uniform playing his instrument in front of the band .
A man dressed as Forrest Gump is sitting on a bench , with a box of chocolates and a worn suitcase .
Two women walk down a street .
3 drag queens in blond wigs are singing .
A girl in a pink shirt on a carnival ride with a huge stuffed animal .
A dog walks through some mud .
Construction workers are currently at work .
A bicyclist is jumping a horizontal wooden structure with countryside in front of him .
Dog sits in snow .
A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .
A group of ladies carry baskets on their backs to transport goods .
People are walking in the city during the evening .
A woman is sitting on the grass and holding two children .
Two women with dark hair are standing together outside of a bus .
People in costumes wait to perform at an event .
Boys dragging a monkey on the African plains .
Artist in courtyard sitting drawing with people in foreground .
A dog is running down a black and yellow ramp in an obstacle course .
A group of children are huddled together in a yard with a bamboo fence .
A child is using the bathroom .
A man pick a stone at the sea
A man in a black hoodie and blue jeans kneels in the middle of a road .
The woman who is wearing a bowtie is walking down the streets of New York .
A man in a blue checked shirt is walking on the street with his hand in his pocket , and passing an orange cone .
The man in the blue looks very tired .
A child wearing a white shirt hangs from the playground equipment .
A person on skies is up in the air over snow .
A woman dressed in blue is watching her dog getting a drink from a blue container .
A large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling .
A older man playing a musical instrument , with his eyes closed .
Girl jumping into water from a raft .
Man with long dark hair and mustache walks down the street in shorts and cowboy hat .
A man with his bike amid a demolished building .
A woman juggles her baby , purse , money and food from a market .
A girl in a gray shirt is sweeping dust out the front door .
Sheep cluster together in a field while a dog is nearby .
A green beetle is resting upon a freckled nose of a young boy .
A man walks between burning piles .
A dog jumps over a red and blue hurdle .
A schizophrenic man paints a caricature of two men despite there being only one woman .
A guitar-playing man kneels to adjust his equipment .
Four women with their bags slung over their shoulders , walking down the street .
The little red dog is running a course in front of blue tents .
A lady is filming school age children in an African village .
A woman is a black dress is smoking outside .
A dirt track car with a large red bull logo on the side is driving fast on a dirt track .
There is a little child in a snowsuit on red skies in the snow .
Several people going down an escalator , with a few others going up the up escalator .
A man is crouched down next to a building sipping a drink .
Two people are near a wooden building wearing backpacks .
A woman wearing a red bandanna is carrying two pots past a stone structure and a house in the background .
A man rides his bike on a wet street .
A group of people on a walkway .
Two volleyball players compete in a sand tournament
The small child climbs a white rock wall .
A shopping center with a few people in it .
A girl is sitting on a log in the middle of some trees .
Soccer players out on the field dressed in blue getting cues from the ref dressed in black .
A lone surfer riding a huge wave in the ocean .
A newborn boy is lying in an incubator with many tubes attached .
There are four males standing and washing dishes in a kitchen with their back to the room .
A shirtless man diving into a fenced , green pool while there is a forest behind him .
Someone wearing a dress is carrying a tray of food .
A woman with flyaway blond-hair is recording something with her camera .
A man carries a box into his red pickup truck as a dazzling red tree attracts attention .
Three young children enjoying books .
two arab man shoveling .
Men and women practice yoga in a public park .
A man in a red shirt is butchering a small animal on a wooden board .
The number 13 player is about to kick a blue and white soccer ball .
two black dogs race for a ball on the shore .
A woman is walking in the snow with guides .
A smiling father in a black striped shirt holds his youngest redhead child while his elder redhead child stands behind the father with hands on shoulders .
Man shaving with a Gillette razor with a mirror .
A man is walking two poodles on leashes in a city .
A jeep tries driving over a rocky hill .
A brightly colored bird and a small dog .
A man suspiciously eyes the camera while eating .
A man in a brown shirt holding a guitar used in video games .
A dog is running awkwardly .
A man with short brown hair wearing a black jacket and pants on stage singing and pointing into the audience .
Fans are watching an event in a stadium .
A group of bike-riders inspect the wheels of their up-turned bikes .
A young boy in khaki overalls is holding a book about Elmo with lots of other books scattered around .
A child in a black t-shirt and board shorts jumping on a trampoline .
Two men are on a beach looking in the distance .
People stop and look at an older woman outside .
Two kids stand under an area carved in a large tree .
Backside view of a South America street vendor tending to her upright oven with a second woman looking away .
a husky dog running through a yellow tunnel at an obstacle course .
A boy licks an older male 's face that 's covered in a blue and yellow creamy substance .
A person in a black hoodie stands in the woods surrounded by tree branches .
Runners continue their marathon through a city and under a bridge , as discarded water cups litter the street .
a ski resort
A man in a white uniform is stepping on the foot of a man in a yellow uniform while the two play soccer on a green field with their teammates in the background .
An elderly man in a black sweatshirt doing cement work .
Young ethnic children smile and pose for the camera and hold up peace signs .
There are several people watching a person in the air with skies surrounded by mountains and snow .
A young girl touches the green wire of an electrical circuit .
Rodeo participants are riding on horseback while trying to lasso a calf .
A man is pushing a heavy load .
A group of people are sitting at a picnic table drinking while some are making faces .
A man blowing leaves in jeans and a jacket .
A chef seasoning newly baked popcorn by the window .
Four kids eating at a picnic bench in a park .
A teenager in a gray sweatshirt is carrying a black trash bag next to a city street .
A man watching the action an indoor bicycle race .
An adolescent in a striped shirt is running on the snow .
People sitting at white tables in a cafe , with a brown bench filled with thick pillows next to the glass window .
Two men having a conversation in a dark bar .
A man with a beard who wears a black knit hat and a gray vest stands by a building .
a woman wearing an orange jacket sitting in a canoe on a lake with a dog behind her
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of mountains .
Four workers in a field harvesting .
A tall building with people standing below and in the round green balconies in the breezeways .
A pregnant woman wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans lifts weights in a gym .
A white dog and a brown dog running across a grassy field .
A man in a red robe and sandals is walking past a small food stand .
People are walking outside and two people are blowing leaves .
Two young boys climb up some large boulders .
A woman in her underwear on a pillow while men look at her .
Two girls climb on an iceburg climbing device that is floating in water .
Three ladies are doing some volunteer work in a public park .
Several people sit in on blankets in a park with blooming pink cherry blossoms .
Boys huddle during a soccer game .
A woman ironing clothes in front of a wall with pictures .
A white dog opens its mouth near a smaller dog .
A young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural .
People are watching a man balance a silver ball on his arms .
A bridge with green supports leads to a sidewalk lining a row of houses with slanted roofs , a person is visible in the background walking towards the photographer past a bicycle .
The chairman and his executive having sharing ideas of the company during break time at the company headquarters .
Two people fishing by a boat on the dock .
A tennis player in white gets ready to hit the ball .
A young man with a hat linking two game-boys to a synthesizer .
three workman working together , one is drilling the wood
A man in a black t-shirt and black shorts vacuums in a bedroom .
A young woman in a brown leather jacket is about to look into a large telescope .
The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship .
women sitting on bench in large sombreros .
A man stands against a tree while holding a drink .
The girls return to the field during their softball game .
A couple in a parking lot .
A man about to fall off of a horse that is standing on its hind legs .
A line of people making poses in front of a camel statue .
A bicyclist rounding a curve at high velocity .
An audience watching some performers in yellow and black clothing moving some carts .
The girl in the yellow shirt is outside standing next to a food stand .
A man wearing a hat trimming a plant .
A young child is washing his hands with soap in the kitchen .
People surf in the ocean .
A little boy is leaning out of a bus window .
A father is spoon feeding his baby girl , as she smiles .
A group of men are holding a meeting .
Two women holding shovels are standing on a small hillside .
A man is digging , or spreading dirt .
A young boy makes a meditational pose on a swing .
A man and a woman wearing masks embrace at an outdoor festival .
A muscular man in yellow pants .
A man is walking along a beach .
People gather on a bridge near a weeping willow tree .
A little kid dressed in cold-weather gear is at the top of the snow mound .
A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile .
A man leaping from a rocky hill .
A soldier with a weapon squatting on the pavement
A man is laying down in the grass .
An older man working on antiques
During a game of baseball , a man takes a base while his opponent reaches for a ball and another man looks on .
A boy doing a trick on top of a guard rail on inline skates .
The white dog is running on the grass near a small house .
A woman is holding a small white statue .
An Asian class participating using hand gestures .
A woman wearing a headscarf is near many tulips .
An older man is talking to two other men in a crowd outside .
A catcher with a red shirt is standing in the dirt with his glove held out .
A man is pushing a dumpster next to some rates stacked up in an alley .
A man waterskies with a life jacket .
A guy and girl sitting on the stoop with a jug of orange juice .
A blond-haired female singer with long boots kneels on stage .
Occupants of a large neighborhood traveling along a busy alley .
A woman floats with her face out of water in a pool with another woman nearby posing for the camera .
the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water .
A man and a woman are talk while standing behind a man wearing a shirt that says " Support Your Local Brewery " .
A man carrying a baby crosses the street on a bike along side a younger kid .
Three men are standing on a balcony .
Picture is of the inside of an abandoned building and has name graffiti on it .
A young man shocks the audience with his skateboard tricks .
A group of young men dressed in purple are preparing to catch a fellow teammate .
A group of people wearing orange vests watch a large fire near a helicopter .
A man in a black polo and khakis is giving a powerpoint presentation
Workers in yellow and orange outfits are working at a construction site .
Three toddlers sit amidst cut down foliage .
A golfer wearing white pants and blue shirt and a white hat taking a swing in the sand .
Three cheerleaders are rooting for their team .
A street merchant selling goods from underneath an umbrella .
Young asian boy sits down and reads a book at a book fair as a female looks on .
People stand in a cluttered alley .
The teenagers in a crowded area playing with toys .
Six musicians - four violinists , a cellist , and a drummer , play on stage for an audience .
a little girl running in a field
A few people relax at a large lake with a view of the mountains , with some people on the beach under umbrellas and the rest swimming in the lake .
Walking on a crowded path swiftly passing the crowd to the destination .
A plaza is filled with people walking to and fro , as other people are sitting in red and white chairs off to the side .
Two teenagers sweep a tile floor while a third teenager watches .
A dog running and jumping in the mud , with a person walking behind it .
Two people wearing orange coveralls are cleaning the street from garbage .
A man and his family looking at an aquarium
A woman in a black and white shirt smiles .
Man in black carrying tattered cloth .
A young man and young woman walk toward the camera while two young men walk away from the camera in a small town near a shop called Hello Berlin .
An old woman is weaving a fabric .
Three asian children , most prominently a young girl , in a classroom setting completing an assignment .
Two dogs are playing together in the grass .
A cyclist is racing down the street .
A dog jumps toward a couch
Race team in black t-shirt service their red and white car .
A man with a cart walks along a wall covered in graffiti .
A black dog bites a white dog on the grass .
A little girl is sitting on a bench with her arms folded .
A man in a red shirt and brown short is standing in front of a tree looking at his device .
A teenage boy climbs an indoor climbing wall .
A little boy all bundled up in a blue and red snowsuit sitting on pile of snow next to a shovel .
A man wearing khaki shorts and striped t-shirt is flung up in the air from a swing and about to land with his arms spread out .
A man wearing a backpack is walking down the street .
A man talks on his cellphone as he walks down the street .
An emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path .
A dog walking on a wet beach .
Three men are playing music for people , and look very focused on what they are doing .
A man dressed in a white collared shirt a black gloves balances atop a construction instrument .
A woman in a wedding gown and a man wearing a tuxedo dance while a crowd of people looks on .
A man wearing a blue bathing suit stands on a red surfboard at the beach .
A three-piece band is playing a concert .
A young man in a black jacket is assembling an action figure .
A group of people walk around a bunch of booths with small flags flying above .
A mother holding her sleeping baby is looking outside through the glass patio doors .
Two men in safety vests work on a project outdoors .
A man and woman look on as another woman talks .
A man in a white shirt stands next to a metal cart with bamboo nearby .
A toddler aged child is waving two flags with park benches in the background .
Adults and children are taking a bike ride on a quiet road .
A man takes a photo in a crowd of people while standing in a city square .
A young child is holding a red toy hammer .
A person in a plaid shirt is writing on a piece of paper .
A man in a neon vest works while smoking a cigarette .
A brunette woman reads a menu .
A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog .
Two teenagers wearing potato sacks , walking in a parade .
Three boys in a building under construction .
A person is laying in a hospital bed .
Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party .
An older man walks down a city street while reading a newspaper .
A woman in a belly dancing outfit bending over backwards .
Crowd of children presenting the American flag what looks like their teachers .
A purple paraglider flying over the ocean near a cliff .
Three musicians are seated on chairs , playing their respective instruments .
A person in a light green jacket carries a multicolored umbrella in an outdoor public area .
Three women are in different poses on a path lined by bamboo trees .
Two men in blue and a man in white playing a game of soccer .
The rider on the red BMX bike does an inverted trick .
A child snowboarder coming to a stop
The dog on the right has a red object in his mouth , and the other dog has biting it .
A large group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
Two boys in underwear play in the water in the city street .
The man with the two small bandages on his middle finger is climbing a rock .
A group of young adults cheering in a crowd .
A person with dark hair is standing on the sidewalk in front of an orange and white truck .
three children are locked in a cage .
A guy in a blue shirt listens to music as he skateboards along the edge of a ramp .
A man jogging in a trail surrounded by trees and big bushes .
ladies preparing food in a kitchen table .
Guy in a yellow and purple outfit jumping off a set of stairs .
Two young boys wrestle in the sand while a man watches .
A man on the beach jumps to hit a volleyball .
A little girl in pink is skiing .
Two women both wearing white shirts and black pants , one smoking sitting on a fixture on the sidewalk .
Four children playing on a sculpture of a bear .
A middle-aged man is sitting indian style outside holding a folded paper in his hands .
Child in diapers and adult shoes runs down pathway .
A bikini-clad child on a beach looks at a dog , as a kayak goes by in the background .
Three people playing with a large ball that looks like a globe .
A woman is dressed in a homemade top , consisting of hands drawn across the front .
A woman in gray sits and overlooks her similarly gray surroundings .
A man is bicycling up a dirt path while two people watch .
A wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball .
Three men chat while sitting and standing on top of a military tank .
A rainbow is formed from a tank spraying water on a street .
A couple bows their head as a man in a decorative robe reads from a scroll in Asia with a black late model station wagon in the background .
A group of people running a bicycle race past a red building .
A man poses in front of a large rock formation .
Children are playing with baseball bats .
A boy in a yellow shirt is gesturing on a field .
A man slicing vegetables outside of a warehouse setting .
A girl in a short dress carrying a silver purse looks at food in a bakery .
A man videotaping a group of people in front of a from new york banner .
It looks like it is Halloween and crazy kids are running around .
An older man using a microscope to have more finesse in woodworking .
A group of construction workers in orange vests are on the side of the road .
Five children , 3 boys and 2 girls playing soccer in a grass field .
A group of people sitting on a dock in a yoga pose .
A flower girl drops petals while the ring bearer watches .
A woman is dressed up trying to sell her wares as a young woman looks on .
woman with reddish hair in nice attire eating cotton candy outside .
A woman holds a baby while another child looks on .
Three naked children playing in muddy water .
Two people speak to each other on a park bench .
People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
The marquee of movies now playing .
A group of kids and two adults stand before a graffiti wall .
A person is dirt biking .
A girl in a white shirt and skirt playing tennis .
A group of people paddling down a dirty river .
Two boys paddle across the water with fishing nets , one wearing a long-sleeved yellow shirt and the other wearing a baggie hoodie .
A woman looking outside through a window .
Four kids sitting at a table with food on several plates .
The lady is creating a painting outside .
The man in the cap is handing a fishing net to the man in the black top while others are looking on .
A teen is doing skateboard tricks in the night over a set of stairs .
A man is lying on a bench near a thin tree .
A man skateboarding up a ramp .
A snowboarder takes flight while performing a freestyle move .
A man wearing a white and blue striped shirt stands outside .
Three men sitting behind a building .
A young man in a blue blazer and shorts sits alone in front of table with a chess game set up .
A woman with a black vest pointing at an image being projected on a screen .
A guy playing basketball .
The women is washing the newborn baby .
A person in interesting attire with a poster that says Abney Park .
A small child is running with a pendant towards a small bridge .
Someone is holding a young women on their shoulders for her to be able to reach the area she would like to use a wire brush to scrape off peeling paint .
Siblings - the brothers always hate the pictures and the sisters always smile .
There is a young boy sitting at a fruit stand .
The black and white dog is in the brown grass with a ball in his mouth .
Four dancers wearing white dresses on a stage performing .
A male golfer celebrates a triumph by throwing his hands , and golf club , in the air .
A boy is holding a basketball in one hand .
A man in a suit and tie walking .
Today is a great day for an umbrella .
In a UFC match , one fighter has the other one down on the canvas and is about to hit him with his left hand .
A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .
A woman has just completed her release in a game of bowling .
A boy and girl putting frosting on cupcake .
A guy in a black shirt climbing rocks near water .
One many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him .
a man in a black shirt and green hat is signing a book .
The guy in red on a dirt bike is getting photographed .
a soldier handing things out to children
a young girl looks up at the camera while playing at a playground .
Two men with no shirts are jumping , the one in the foreground is wearing yellow trunks , and the one in the background is wearing blue pants .
A train conductor looking out the window of a black train while the worker looks at the gauges .
a surfer is riding his board over a wave .
Many people walk along the riverfront at nighttime .
A snowboarder landing on a pile of wood .
A shoeshine sitting in a train station .
A Miami basketball player .
Two men in football uniforms sit on the grass , looking unhappy .
Two men in white uniforms , hats and aprons are making pizzas .
Youngsters dance and play in the sand .
Lots of people , many of them in orange , are walking between buildings forming a large crowd .
A smiling child sitting in a restaurant at the table .
A woman crosses a street with a young boy as cars near them .
A group of people walking on snowy steps .
A man wearing a white and blue shirt cooking corn on the cob while a different man buys a piece of corn .
A man points to a " one " outside of a glass door .
There is one woman riding a bike and a man who is riding on a Segway personal transportation device while carrying a pole that blind people use to help they detect things in their path .
A group of men watch on as another man is seasoning the remains of an animal to barbecue near a barn .
A man and a woman are sitting on the floor , working with craft items .
A blond little girl wearing pink shorts is carrying a stick .
A man and a woman dressed in black are roller-blading .
A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her .
A young man sitting in the dark wearing a white shirt with his hand turning his face up wearing earphones .
Two children play on the path in a park .
A bridal party surrounding a bride sitting on a couch .
A older lady is working with a mix master while two young boys stand next to her with aprons on helping her .
Gray-haired man in plaid shirt working with wood .
A woman is presenting various documents using multimedia equipment .
A couple holding hands across a table .
A man is pulling a cart down a dirt road , and a girl is riding in it .
A lady in a red and white striped top is smiling at the camera .
A bride having a photo shoot outdoors around lots of people .
Men walking outside near a castle .
A black bird is resting on a power line .
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill .
A bald man in a white shirt kneels on a wooden platform and washes his head in a stream .
A hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds .
A young boy and a young girl are walking on rock across a body of water .
The men are playing soccer while people in the stands watch .
An older gentleman is sleeping while siting up in front of a barber shop .
A boy is playing with his spotted dog .
a young girl in a white hat looks towards the camera with snow around her .
A man with a megaphone is standing next to a bike with a red and yellow flag .
Three people sit around a table with a laptop and food on it .
Two children are playing with Jenga blocks .
Children playing Chinese hopscotch or something similar .
Two players from opposing hockey teams face off for control of the hockey puck , while their teammates look on .
The small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman 's hand .
A little boy signs a poster .
A bicycle racer in full helmet speeds through a dim forest .
Children are playing doctor on an older woman , one is wearing a toy stethoscope , the other a red mickey mouse shirt .
The back of two spectators watching a baseball game at night .
A woman with a headband walking at the lead of a crowd , holding a sign saying " the rescue " .
A large number of people gathered at an event , eating under an umbrella .
A football player being tackled from behind by another player from a different team in front of a crowd .
A white female wearing white shorts and yellow top throws a stick in a nature scene .
A man give a presentation using an overhead projector .
A man is jumping off the grass while holding onto a giant white balloon .
A man and woman are walking past a pot of flowers in a glass case .
African relay runners running in a tight race .
This man is doing a back jump off diving board .
Two men having an intense discussion over drinks .
A woman playing tennis , swinging her racket .
A man with a hornet is standing in front of the store window .
A young man wearing a black top and blue jeans with a guitar on his back walking on a crosswalk while cars are passing by .
A man in jeans pulling a suitcase .
Two men and a woman finishing a meal and drinks .
Two men are standing under a tent , trying to adjust the music controls .
A woman reads a large annotated map while waiting for the subway .
A pretty woman with a crown on , talking on her phone .
Woman laying in bed in brown clothes .
People walk in front of some graffiti .
A smiling baby wearing a striped shirt , held by a woman with gray hair .
Lady in parka walking in the snow with push cart .
Young girls are playing musical instruments .
an older man weaving baskets
Three people , two in white , one in red and black , are playing soccer .
A street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera .
A clown is making the crowd enjoy .
an old man walking with a folder in his hand
Small boys in sports jerseys play with a yellow ball .
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .
A female getting ready to cross the street with her bike .
The lady carrying the big bag is walking under the trees in bloom .
A boxer throws a punch at his opponent .
an elderly man checking a fishing net in a small boat on the beach .
A woman in a white hat is standing on a sidewalk .
This is underwater training in a pool .
A brown dog wearing a chain collar is chewing on a large tire .
A woman is wearing a sash while waving .
A man holding girl at top of a slide
A small , blond baby looks into the washing machine .
A happy young girl in pigtails watching something .
A bike messenger walking in the park .
A mom and her daughter in a shoe store .
A boy is kicking a ball across the street .
A man in a black outfit holding a cane and leaning up against a building .
Four older men are playing poker on a patio .
Two men in uniform carry a small girl and her things .
A man transporting a package on a wheeled cart .
This photograph captured a man and a woman skating in an intertwining pose .
A man with a black coat and glasses stands near the shore of a bay across from a cityscape .
A little girl wearing sunglasses puts her feet into the kitchen sink .
Violinists are paying music together .
A man is throwing the arrow .
A yellow-haired woman in an off-the shoulder blue dress reclines on one of the large cushions .
a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station .
A DJ is spinning tracks at a club .
Man in yellow shirt is holding a microphone .
A man reaches across another while playing a sport outside .
A skier flies through the air in front of a snowy mountaintop .
Two monks wearing orange robes crossing the street in front of traffic .
two guys sitting on the floor , with the guy in the green jacket reading a piece of paper .
A man in a white outfit on a bench
A young girl is playing with a soccer ball in the grass .
A man in a suit stands next to a white carriage pulled by two white horses while a bride sits inside .
A woman in a purple coat and black cap sits on a short brick wall near a trashcan .
A dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth .
A couple stops on a bride to look at a pond .
A basketball player prepares to make a throw while his opponent defends .
This girl is skateboarding in a pink helmet and rainbow socks .
The woman in the white hat and blue shorts is jogging in the bicycle lane on a mountain road .
Man holding a beer throws a basketball where a little girl is playing .
Behind a fence , a man in a white shirt grills meat .
People in a conference meeting .
A man wearing a green shirt and glasses in playing a musical instrument .
Here is a picture of customers standing in line of a Mexican Restaurant .
A man plays for a crowd with the spotlight on him .
Woman holding a picture with her head turned .
A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet .
Two construction workers bend over and work on metal poles .
Three children standing around a figure on a purple table , two children have white coats on .
Two men , one with orange glasses , are playing guitars on stage in front of a crowd of onlookers .
A sculpture works on one of his pieces .
Two young boys are carrying a large object across a wooden deck .
Musicians sitting at a table inside , playing classical instruments .
Two women wearing blue jeans are walking outside .
A black dog with an orange bandanna catches a white Frisbee .
A person is sleeping on a bench on the sidewalk , across the street from a bus stop .
A man in a red shirt and backwards hat looks off in the distance .
One child is giving another child a piggyback ride .
A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair , close to three parked bicycles .
A black and white dog runs through the white water at a beach .
A woman is riding a bicycle in her underwear with " No Oil " painted on her chest .
A little boy playing with a sparkler in pure enjoyment .
A group of cheerleaders if red outfits .
A young man in a white shirt holds both his hands above his head .
A woman sits underneath a sale sign .
A man , in his garage , throwing knives against the wall .
A man in a white shirt carries a drum as he talks to two other men .
I man with a covered face burning an israei flag in front of a crowd .
An eccentrically dressed man and his dog are sitting on a bench with a guitar and harmonica .
A woman is walking with her young son .
Workmen digging a trench .
A young man is crossing an urban street at the crosswalk .
A little kid is practicing his golf skills with his grandfather .
A blond-haired woman wearing jean shorts and a gray v-neck winces as she puts her hand into a pot while cooking outside .
A city street with a lone man walking in the middle .
A dog jumps at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves .
A woman sits on a blue bench in front of a cobblestone wall between two trees .
A woman in a pink shirt cleaning a wooden table .
A man and woman are standing on top of a structure .
Girls are working on a project at a small table .
A man in a striped shirt , conducting a chorus for practice .
An old woman is sitting next to a young girl with her fingers in her mouth .
A woman with dark curly hair and a dark dress is singing and holding a guitar .
A man in sandals and a burgundy shirt peddles past some flowers on a bicycle .
A group of women digging on a hillside .
Two people in odd outfits are standing by a glass door .
a large graffitied skateboarding ramp with a couple people in the background
A young girl in a bulky gray coat is sitting on a pink bicycle with one foot on the curb that leads to a large area of green grass and trees .
Asian women wearing surgical masks are walking down the street carrying mops .
These people are demonstrating for their leader .
A group of men in suits or military camouflage wear sitting at a table either talking or deciding what to order from menus .
A child in blue sitting on a sled in the snow .
An older woman wearing a blue top and red sweatshirt on her shoulders putting a craft together .
Dark-haired white woman , wearing a white t-shirt and jogging pants rakes leaves
A man in a superhero costume is leaping into the air in a public area with several people and a bus in the background .
A woman wearing a Dear Santa t-shirt is looking at a Star Wars book with a young boy in a bright pink shirt .
A young girl is pouting her lips and holding a long-handled tool .
A guy riding a bike through mud and water .
A woman dressed in bright clothing jumps over sticks held by a man .
A dog at the shore of an ocean , with seaweed in foreground .
The young man with glasses plays drums the best when his mouth is hanging open .
Man and woman eating a hotdog .
A mother and daughter walking down a city street .
There are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees .
A woman in a swimsuit bumps the volleyball .
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean .
A man drives a green jeep over a few jagged rocks .
A man sits on the ground with his head in his jacket and there is a painting of a child and dog in the distance .
An Asian baby wearing a light green robe .
Several people are walking beside a white fence in a foreign country .
Three men fiddle with a zip line apparatus .
A crowd has gathered on a city street .
Fat man and dog are sitting in front of a statue .
A gray-haired man in a beret stands underneath a window , reading a newspaper .
A girl gymnast in a bright pink and green costume leaping and twirling a baton with a long pink streamer
A young man and older woman pose for a photo at what appears to be a staged event .
A man in brown is pushing a dumpster down a sidewalk .
A man is shoveling snow in his yard .
An adult and three children walk along the beach .
Two children in hats and pale orange shirts stand on a field .
There are three woman conversing at a table with drinks .
A man walking past two dogs tied up outside a storefront .
Little girl buried in hay throwing hay around at a lady .
People are walking in a very tall arched atrium .
A person in a black winter coat and a scarf is carving a snow sculpture with a knife .
The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top .
A child in purple pants is running .
The teenagers are swimming in an indoor pool together .
A woman wearing orange sunglasses plays the drums .
A horse , ridden by a jockey , is completing a jump over a fence .
Little boy happily holds red booklet near rows of folding-chairs .
A child putting on a bicycle helmet .
Man tired sleeping on bench .
An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl .
Four bicyclists ride along a dirt road between two wire fences .
A lady dressed in pink and black walking down a sidewalk carrying packages .
The lady with what and black design coat with a eye shield is posing for a picture in the snow .
A guy holding a sign saying will work , while giving the peace sign .
A man with long hair and wearing a black shirt cuts a piece of lettuce while standing in the kitchen .
Young boys dressed as confederate soldiers walking in a parade in the rain .
A man is showing three kids sitting at a table shadows .
Two man in their 60s playing checkers at the park
A young boy goes through large rocks in the mountains .
A man in a blue jacket saws through a piece of pipe .
Many people sitting in chairs at a presentation .
Adults with their kids are riding on a small red train .
A woman in a striped shirt folds her arms while standing in a grocery store .
Shirtless guy is cooking up some food .
A female volleyball team during a game or practice .
A man wearing a black cap and glasses is looking at an object in his hand .
A man in a gray overshirt and brown pants plays pool with a woman in a black and white striped shirt whose head cannot be seen .
The guy on a skateboard unbelievably jumps over a high barrier .
A dark brown dog rapidly shaking off .
A red tree in front of a modern white building .
A man with no shirt and black pants is playing the drums .
Two men in Germany jumping over a rail at the same time without shirts .
Five men at a restaurant posing for a picture .
Many individuals dining and conversing at a very pleasant restaurant on a beautiful day .
Two people , sitting on a park bench , taking a nap .
1 little boy wearing a pirate costume following closely behind a little girl wearing a blue dress carrying a orange pumpkin bucket and walking down the sidewalk .
A little girl is leaning out of a basket and looking down .
Three construction workers stand over a job site wearing ragged and tattered clothing while a man and woman pass behind them and a large pill of dirt and debris sit in front .
A black dog is carrying a red bucket in its mouth .
Peaceful morning on the beach .
An ensemble of children are playing classical instruments at a concert .
A woman on a cellphone walks up the steps of the underground with another passenger close behind .
A man and woman standing at a mountain overlook .
A man and woman are riding a green Suzuki motorcycle together .
A young girl slides down a bar in a play structure .
Asian men saying hello to each other .
A dance instructor gives instruction to a group of people in a sea of foam .
The boys are having a night out from homework ; some are at the table while two are sleeping .
A man holds a small child while pointing something out in the distance , while in the city .
A man and woman look upward on a city block .
People walking down the street in costumes , including one of a hospital gown that exposes the buttocks .
This wall has a picture of a man on it .
Two people browsing for clothes at a store .
A person with black sleeves is holding a lock with the left hand and attempting to pick it using a small metal bar held by the right hand .
A man wearing a striped shirt with beige shorts is walking around on the grass over by the water .
A ballerina on a city street with a dark gate in the background holding a balloon .
A man is hiking on a mountain path with an American flag on his backpack .
A bunch of people are talking down a city street with old buildings on both sides of them .
People sit around a table with a red tablecloth that has food on it .
A rodeo rider being thrown headfirst from a horse .
There is a woman , who is all dressed up in a beautiful multicolored tutu with a tiara , doing a split in midair for a performance .
A man with a white t-shirt and red hat is working outside a house .
A woman in a black sweatshirt is pouring liquid detergent into a washer in a laundromat .
Two men and two women have finished a holiday dinner .
A woman with an orange and gray shirt is fixing something .
Two men in white cowboy hats on horses are trying to lasso a running animal .
Three young people standing in a crowded room .
A view of the MetLife building from the street .
A teenager is attempting a skateboarding trick in an urban area .
A group of children sit on a skateboard half pipe .
Two women playing softball , one with sunglasses on .
A bunch of kids swing together in a large swing shaped like a basket .
A little girl , with blond-hair and a red shirt on , is playing in a big box .
Four girls in a blue cheerleader outfit .
A young kid cin orange climbs a rock climbing wall .
A man and a woman riding a double bicycle together .
Workers moving bricks from a white and green truck .
An outdoor festival seems to be taking place .
A man holding a black and white umbrella is walking uphill on a city street .
Guitarist and singer groove together , with their drummer in the background .
A man runs through the snow with the aid of snowshoes .
A woman with bright red-hair standing on the street .
Dark picture of men playing sports on a cloudy day .
A dutch family gathers around an Easter egg made up of flowers .
Excited couple jump as high as they can while they enjoy the view of the mountains .
A team of players gather around a coach who welcomes them with appraisal .
A football game is being played outside .
A middle adulthood aged man is wearing a karate robe while , practicing with another masked individual .
A guy with glasses and nose ring brushing his teeth .
A person in a red coat is hiding behind a snow structure .
A boy is on a rock near calm waters taking a photograph of the scenery .
A construction worker guide a concrete support that is being lifted by a crane .
A man with a safety vest is kneeling down and cleaning the bricks .
Two greyhounds with numbers run in a race on a track .
A female chef is presenting a pineapple and watermelon that is graced with a design on each fruit .
Three people are putting candles on a cake .
A person is running up a field with a football .
A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head .
A group of people play a game in the street , passing balloons to one another .
A girl is facing a wall with her back toward a dome-like piece of art .
Two people in a kayak are paddling past green foliage on a river .
There is a stadium full of people and they are watching a ballgame with two teams .
Local Muslims celebrate the opening of a new restaurant sponsored by Channel 1 news .
Child and adult wearing winter attire riding bicycles down the street .
A man on a horse leads three other horses .
A skinny brown dog runs across the wet sand with his mouth open .
A dog jumps high in the snow .
A woman with dark hair who is wearing an orange bikini lays out on a wicker chair .
I man is riding a 3 wheeled pedal bike and is airborne .
Two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item .
Men , women and children are enjoying a meal outside on the patio .
A soccer game is taking place .
A woman getting her face painted by an artist .
A man on the beach in jeans looking at his camera .
A child is looking through the glass at the child squirting a water hose onto the glass .
A man in a red windbreaker leaves his house with his keys .
Snow covers trees , a road , and a photographer holding an umbrella over his camera , on a tripod .
Two young flower girls stand hand-in-hand by a white carriage pulled by two black horses .
One male and one woman clown looking at a person in a pink triangular shaped costume .
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table .
A girl with the headsets is smoking .
A man in scrubs , a doctors mask and hat stands near a monitor in a medical facility .
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks .
Two older women holding a red cross flag .
A person with blue jeans and a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk with something red draped over their shoulder .
Long-haired man in blue jeans carrying red bass drum above his head while talking on the phone .
Even these guys have out together a small orchestra for the parade .
A man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building .
One golfer prepares to putt while three other men chat on the green .
A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .
A man in a blue and white striped shirt smiles for the camera over a table filled with picnic wares while a young blond-haired , blue eyed boy stares off into space .
A man looks at a map while a woman in sunglasses looks up .
A girl in a swimsuit is jumping high , near water .
A man with a shaved head , wearing a red shirt , is urinating in an outdoor area while another person walks nearby .
Two men singing at an event .
A black dog running into the water .
Two Asian males smile while celebrating a birthday with a layered chocolate cake with a sparkling candle .
A man fishing under an umbrella .
an older woman in a sweater stirs a pot of food in the kitchen .
An Asian man is wearing a big hat while posing for the camera .
A surfer riding a surfboard in rough seas .
A dog on the beach shaking off water
A man is standing next to a billboard advertising 9-11 conspiracy theories .
A group of people walking in a line through the snow toward a mountain .
A group of people are buying ice cream from a truck at night .
Three people walk past a tourist attraction behind a wrought iron fence .
Many people are walking in a plaza with buildings of Asian architecture .
An older man is jogging outside in an event .
A motocross rider wearing red , white and black with a white helmet .
A man in red pants walking on rocks .
Two women are bathing at a spa .
Two little girls holding hands on a beach .
A bunch of people standing next to a car with its trunk open .
Two figure skaters , a kneeling man in a black vest and a woman in a shining golden dress , twirl together on the ice .
A young woman in a plaid jacket and face mask drives a passenger on a scooter .
A man in a helmet and uniform is smiling .
The terminal is nearly empty , only a few people are there getting to their destination .
Two young Asian women walk in stride on a crowded street .
The woman with blond-hair is posing with a large ax .
The asian man is sitting on a stool .
A group of young men in sailor 's uniforms celebrate at an outdoor event .
A man in a red shirt climbs a rock while another man stands behind to help him .
2 hockey players in black gold and white , one has the puck with his stick and is skating .
A child is standing in the edge of water .
A woman in a purple half shirt and a skirt walking down a street .
A toddler wearing white and pink is playing a game in the floor .
Three people , two men and a female , pose for a picture with bottles of drinks and dressed in science gowns .
Four young girls posing for the camera .
Two brown dogs are running through the grass .
A group of friends talk around a table .
A man and woman are kneeling in front of a pulpit getting married .
A white wall with pictures with a little boy looking at them .
Two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street .
A woman in a black suit stands smiling in front of another woman in a red jacket .
Two boys are posing along with an adult in a ninja-like costume
White dog traveling alone down a paved path through some woods
One man is performing a martial arts move on another man in a gymnasium .
A boy is sitting on a brightly colored chair next to a child 's book playing a guitar .
A group of people relaxing , and taking to each other .
A mime and lady holding a gold microphone laughing .
A man is popping balloons inside a cubicle using a handmade tool .
Two men are standing on the street talking while another walks by .
Crowd of people wearing blue standing on the street by buildings .
The man is posing for a picture in the desert wearing a green shirt and hat , and holding a metal detector .
Person with a backpack in a field
Man sitting on a ledge wearing a green Celtics shirt while eating .
A man in black is standing outside a museum and pointing to it .
There is a man in a white shirt in jeans and he is holding his shirt up showing his stomach .
The black and white dog leaps to catch a toy .
A woman is sitting on a rock at the edge of some water .
A young girl , wearing a pink shirt and goggles , is jumping into a pool .
A woman in a white shirt is walking across the street .
Child in a gray hoodie standing on the bottom of a red plastic slide .
A little girl tries to play with a bird .
A group of people sit on a bench outside that looks like a tree trunk .
A woman in a orange coat and blue jeans walking down a narrow path in the woods .
Children viewing a small container .
A snowboarder uses a ramp to grind a rail .
A man holding bouquets of flowers next to a dog in a basket .
A busy street has several people all around and bicycles lined up in a row .
A man in a gray and orange shirt stands in front of a streetlight .
A young boy is diving into a swimming pool .
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth .
Four people wait by the side of the road , with a wall covered in Chinese or Japanese characters behind them .
A dog runs across the snowy field .
Three men loading a large item onto a fedEx truck .
A mountain biker with a blue helmet makes his way down the steep , forested trail .
A large crowd of people wait in line to get into a football game .
A group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water .
a dog runs with a large stick in its mouth .
A woman in a white polo shirt is moving a black statue of a bear .
A crowd looking at a group of people wearing red shirts and white pants .
A young boy is asleep at a table with his face on a plate .
An Asian man in a white shirt carried a fake dragon head that was covered with sparklers in a nighttime parade as other people participated in the parade or looked on .
A boy in a gray hoodie and black cap holds up an American flag .
People gathered in an artist 's studio .
A young football player lands on his head while others in the background approach him .
A boy and a girl hidden behind tall weeds of green grass .
Two men are swimming in the ocean .
A woman in a kitchen holds a can surrounded by bowls .
3 police are on skates in the city center .
A group of children play in a public fountain while others sit where it is dryer .
Firefighter and firetruck responding to emergency .
A lady wearing a red and white polka dot swim cap is swimming in a pool .
A man and a woman are jogging down the sidewalk .
People admiring a Tiger decoration in the side of the street .
A group of men in an office looking at a large screen .
Two men , one young , and one middle-aged , work on a small computer with a screwdriver .
A man wearing a light tan cardigan and dark brown pants loads heavy bags onto his bicycle .
A white dog standing on leaves on the ground .
A group of people standing in public transportation .
Three dogs are walking on sand and casting shadows .
Waterskier holding line , mid-jump and almost turned upside down .
a black dog runs through the water .
A bearded man in a purple cape getting his haircut makes a twisted face at the hair dryer .
Two men stand on the deck of a speedboat which is labeled on the side with the word ' Maritimo . '
Man in jeans and striped hoodie , standing on rock in a small creek .
People are relaxing or sleeping .
A young man does a skateboard trick off of a concrete bench .
Two firefighters clad in protective gear are entering a house and one of them is checking his hose system .
Four Caucasian kids are standing on a pier watching one of their friends jump off into the ocean .
guy throwing a baseball at a game
A man walking the city streets looking at a large wok of food with noodles and peppers .
Two people walking with hobo bags , one is a short female and the other is much taller and dressed like a clown .
A white dog with a life vest accompanies a man in a boat .
A boy slides down a slide with his legs apart .
An Asian woman wearing turquoise stands near a tree and a motorcycle .
Native Americans in decorative dress appear to be celebrating for a cause .
A sitting man is spraying a squirt bottle at a pedestrian while holding an umbrella over his head .
A person paraglides at sundown .
A woman kneading dough in her kitchen with bare hands .
A barefoot girl in a pink sweater is sitting on a trampoline .
A firefighter climbs a ladder towards the fire above him .
Child in a blue diaper underwater in a pool with his eyes shut .
Aerial view of a computer lab or library with several users on a computer .
A middle-aged man in a military uniform sits at a table in front of a small flag and microphone .
A dark-haired woman walking while holding her baby .
A woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur .
A man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .
A man with tattoos at a costume party .
A lady in a blue shirt has a shopping bag under her left arm .
Five workers wearing life jackets are standing around .
A choir sings outside together .
A man sitting playing guitar and mouth piece at the same time .
a man with green marker written on his arm
A man with a white hat and a large knife prepares food from a slaughtered animal .
Two little kids walk the catwalk showing off their fashion .
A crosscountry skier skies up hill in a wintery landscape with frozen trees .
A gray-haired woman turns the pages of a book for a circle of children sitting in blue chairs .
A woman is throwing her wet hair back creating a pattern with the dripping water .
A little girl follows two guys with umbrellas down a path .
A little kid enjoying some sledding on a winter day .
Boy in black swim trunks playing in spray of water .
A person kayaking down a small waterfall .
Three colorfully dressed young women are sitting on a large rock .
Two little girls both dressed in brown and one with a peace sign on her shirt play in a green meadow .
Young man swimming , wearing swimming cap and protective goggles .
A group of protesters in the street waving signs as well as a red flag and a white balloon .
A person stands alone at the top of the stairs .
Eight people wearing red suits and carrying red bags are walking across a bridge .
A group of people are standing on a sidewalk .
Four people in safety clothes walk next to a barricade at a construction site .
a woman stands behind a video camera .
Outdoors in front of a crowd , a man plays an instrument by blowing into pipes he holds up to his face .
A guy riding an ATV down a dirty a road .
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt .
A guy is communicating with someone in a car .
Two women holding hands in the air while jumping .
Asian workers gleaning in a field .
Boy climbing on a chain fence .
Two men play drums with sticks while another man plays a horn .
A dog chases a stuffed animal attached to a string .
A large group of people crosscountry skiing in the snow .
Several people are standing in an urban plaza looking into various sized telescopes .
A man is setting up a ladder to complete some ceiling work .
A group of firefighters and other workers attempts to push a red car that has been flipped back onto its wheels .
A man jet boarding .
A black man in a Hawaiian shirt sits in the dirt .
A man skateboarding down a street while two other men look on .
One football player is trying to tackle another football player who is in mid-stride as a small crowd looks on from the sidelines .
A dark-skinned man in traditional African garb stares into the camera , his right eye appears to have a cataract .
Bike racers are starting the race by peddling down the ramp .
A group of children in the park watch as a young girl in a purple shirt and blue jean skirt makes a large bubble .
Three young adults are cooking in a kitchen together .
Three young women are playing near a car during a snowfall .
A woman with red-hair wearing a blue tank top and a necklace shaped like a feather .
A woman and child eating at a restaurant .
The black dog is in the water with a white object in its mouth .
A little boy running for a ball .
A young male in light pants and navy jacket does a head spin on a wooden floor for an audience .
Three women huddling for warmth under a blanket .
A group of guys working as a group in a classroom .
Three boys with arms around each other .
Many people sitting in rows , some with cups , looking in the same direction .
A man on top of a mountain looks at the mountains surrounding him .
Woman in a pink hat walking with a man in a gray sweater .
A bearded man is playing a flute along side a darker complected man that is playing another brass instrument outside in a public place .
Some people sit on benches under rows of trees in front of a building .
A kneeling dark-haired woman with a nose ring hugs a small child .
A black woman and an older white woman donning blue hairnets are working in a kitchen while conversing .
A middle-aged lady with glasses and a multi-color striped shirt is holding a newborn baby .
People are walking on the front grounds of a large building .
These are three people picking crops from a field .
A white dog wearing a red harness runs though the woods .
a vase of red roses with a man cutting hair in the background .
A man is standing in front of several Oriental rugs hanging in the background .
Two large men are dressed in black t-shirts , khaki bottoms , boots , and jewelry with hardware .
Two people having a picnic by a lake .
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband and child taking a stroll by the parking lot .
A man holds a red shirt with a white star and crescent out of a car window .
Five men stand around a bonfire with log benches around it .
A man and a woman sit on a bus , but not together .
The toy in the room is amongst blue chairs .
An elderly woman is cooking dinner in a frying pan .
An artist paints a mural onto a building .
Two men dressed in hula skirts on the back of a moving truck .
A person in a red jacket is crossing a snow covered bridge over the cold river in the forest .
An adult is assisting a child in the act of ice-skating .
A man heads into the shadows of an overpass .
A man kneeling holding a flaming stick .
A female in an orange sweatsuit walks down the street .
two female gymnast working up before their turn is up .
A young girl looks directly at the camera while other young women are dressed in formal attire with flowers in their hair .
A man is holding a child 's hand in the ocean next to a large rock .
A young woman in black is standing in front of a wall with writing , she is holding something in her right hand .
An adult wearing a black shirt is showing a young boy how to solder .
A man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .
A group of seamen talking in front of a boat .
Two men sleeping on each other on a bench .
Tractor doing construction work .
Always a crowd at the newest museum exhibit !
A young boy in a white shirt with a rubber mallet .
A young man in a black shirt stacks chairs .
A man in a hat and torn pants plays a violin while sitting on a bucket in front of large windows .
A sculptor poses in front of his work .
These are three young black men who appear to be very similar in age and height and facial features .
A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket .
A beautiful cream colored building .
A baseball player attempting to make a catch in the outfield .
A chef is cooking multiple dishes at the same time .
A man in a red shirt is holding a little boy in a blue shirt
A group of people dressed up and dancing .
A man is standing in the street wearing an elaborate outfit which includes a blue t-shirt , suspenders and purple tights .
Two people fighting in a karate competition with judges watching .
Emo girl playing the cello .
Dedicated fans , including a father and his son , enjoy a sporting event .
There are people in front of a restaurant .
An Indian woman stringing a loom of yarn .
A girl holding a sheep by the leash in a busy fair setting
Two people stand at the peak of a mountain .
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass .
Two men playing a sport are fighting for a ball .
A lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting , and inviting them to be quite .
The woman wearing pink pants has a tattoo of a butterfly on her back .
A child with blue eyes sitting amid flowers .
Close face shot of a baby with closed eyes and open mouth yawning .
a man leading a camel that 's carrying straw .
Girl dancing on the beach .
Checking the sounds system out .
A baby in a white and pink dress walks outside .
Two men are participating in a sword fight or a type of martial art with metal swords .
Two men with electric guitars perform on stage .
a man and woman are riding scooters through a field of grass and clover .
A man is preparing many balloons to sell .
A man wearing a blue shirt , blue cap , and jeans is washing a window while hanging from a rope .
A woman pushing a stroller and walking with her children in the park .
Several children play on a ship themed playground in a city park .
A woman with her arms spread standing in front of a yellow pick-up truck .
four guys inside of a bicycle shop .
The man is mushing his dogs on a snow trail
An oriental florist arranging flowers
Girl with tan dress and a hat with woman in a gray top with blue ball on ground .
A woman is outside a store taking a picture and making a face .
A woman wearing a blue shirt and some little girls are hula hooping on a sidewalk .
A sitting man is pulling something out of a shoe box .
Performers wearing bright robes , one with a long necklace and some masks .
A man and wife in blue jackets and another younger man standing were standing by the creek together .
The back view of a woman in a colorful shirt sitting next to a woman in a black top .
A man in a blue shirt and who has scratches below his right elbow is working on a blue bicycle .
Young boy in a white baseball uniform hitting a baseball with a blue bat .
Woman are gathered above a produce stand .
Two men in black wetsuits surfing .
The man in the white hat has various items on the sidewalk .
A young girl in colorful attire walking down the street holding a rainbow flag .
A blond-haired man in a blue shirt surrounded by screens sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone .
3 women walking down a road
A group of six women are standing on a train platform .
Little boy sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face .
A baseball player sliding toward second base .
A young woman wearing a brown shirt and glasses is standing at a jewelry counter .
A middle-aged guitar player is on stage playing a white electric guitar .
Two guitar players play for an audience .
A woman teaching a young boy how to use a pottery wheel in an art class .
In the far distance , a boy is sliding his skateboard down a handrail .
Two people are in the streets holding flags .
Dog running in yard .
A man in glasses and a black leather motorcycle jacket stands in a narrow laundromat , one arm outstretched as if to balance himself , the other adjusts his glasses .
Three barking , howling dogs
A woman in her early fifties walks by herself in the subway , another woman is not far behind .
A girl is playing in the mud near a car .
Some skiers at a resort .
A hand holding a small strainer .
a man and woman walking across a street .
A jockey rides her pale and mottled horse through some jumps ; one of the obstacles takes the shape of a pair of old-fashioned Coke bottles .
A little boy is working with hot metal .
A large amount of people crowded into a subway system .
Two women sit in empty room with cubicles .
An ice climber wearing an orange helmet is hacking the ice with his ice pick .
A young African man holding a pen in each hand , studying a book while sitting near an open window .
A man talking in a meeting with a woman on a laptop beside a projector screen .
Four people are acting behind a woman in a yellow shirt is lying on the ground .
Three men getting some kind of grass together on a windy day .
Man holding little boy tightly .
A woman blowing on a dandelion .
Female child with red-hair , black headband and white shirt sit at a red checkered tablecloth setting body turned to the right and turning her head over her left shoulder
A man in a work outfit holding a fruit getting ready to process or prepare it .
A little girl is turned around in her seat at an event .
Worker at the attraction Park is cleaning the lake
Woman with an orange backpack hiking .
A swimmer in a blue bathing suit is smiling for a photo .
A young woman with arms outstretched in front of a building .
A man in blue shorts without a shirt with a fit body running while listening to his iPod .
A young man looks happy while holding a hammer .
a group of people inside a building that overlooks a large mountain
A pair of older boys play guitars .
A young boy in a red shirt walks in on an unpaved street .
A woman in a laboratory looking into a microscope .
A flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach .
An older middle class man is lining up his next shot in a billiards game .
Three men are working with cloth .
A man in a blue shirt with white flowers is playing a saxophone .
A young boy in a white t-shirt smiling .
Nine men vigorously play rugby on an outdoor field .
A person wearing a hat and baggy pants is skateboarding on cement .
Six men , four in blue shirts with their backs to the camera , are sitting on a boat dock with a dark red pile of fishing nets in front of them .
The players manuever for the soccer ball .
four adults are eating and conversing by the water .
People wearing hats are looking at something , as a man holds a black camera behind them .
Two women walking down the street holding each other with their arms .
Two Girls making book covers out of colored paper .
A man is taking bath in his work area .
A man with a blue bull mask on his head walks among a crowd .
Dogs are pulling a person on a sled in the snow .
Several soccer players are in a stadium playing soccer while a large audience watches them .
A woman is sweeping up garbage .
Two referees seated by themselves on a table on the sidelines of a soccer field .
Silhouette of two people holding hands
A couple men taking pictures of a destroyed structure .
People walking past a sign that says " I heart NY . "
Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing t-shirt and smiling .
A man making cement risers .
Two young children are seated , one behind the other , facing the camera .
A man lays on the ground in the street .
A man is sitting by a window .
Men in black and yellow uniforms looking up and an elderly woman with a bicycle behind them .
A group of people are sitting or standing around a black circular table with laptops and water bottles .
Six little boys stand in front of a fence .
A small boy is walking through the forrest .
A young girl in a costume on the ground , with a hula hoop next to her .
Two boxers land a punch to the face at the same time .
Baseball player holding a bat .
Two small canoes are out in the middle of the water .
A person in colorful clothes and a hat embellished with red and pink streamers looks out from a thatched enclosure .
Two friends outside on their way somewhere .
A woman talks to a young girl over a counter .
A man holding a rope looking upward inside of a pipe in the ground .
A woman riding a brown and white horse trying to rope a calf .
A bicyclist on ground after wrecking bike .
A man with glasses wearing a tie plays the violin .
A crowd of people watching a balloon twister on a beautiful day .
A man is smoking at sunset .
People holding flaming plates .
Two cowboys ride their horses and they work together to catch the bull .
A female UPS worker stacks boxes .
A woman shows a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a crowded street .
Man cleaning tables in a restaurant covered in coca-cola chairs and decorations .
A woman in a blue and white outfit is covering her mouth .
An individual in jeans and a hoodie is sitting outside while tinkering with his bicycle .
Crosscountry skiers are traveling through a snowy forest .
Several men in orange vests work along side a railway .
A man in yellow construction safety gear is working on a large piece of metal .
A naked man in a net is curled up asleep on a scenic mountaintop .
A batter is getting ready to hit the ball coming at him .
Two young fashionable women walking down a sidewalk .
A woman is jumping as she attempts to hit a tennis ball .
A group of people on a mountain trail .
A group of men standing on the street .
A man in an orange shirt is standing by a sidewalk .
A BMX biker is on a course .
A group of bikers riding through the woods
Four firefighters are outside placing a water hose in a nearby building .
A field of rugby players about to tackle .
The man is tossed from his boogie board by a large wave .
A man wearing a black cap and white shirt rowing a boat on open water .
A girl stands on a ledge next to an open window in a house .
A boat with a roof on green water .
A balding Caucasian man sits cross-legged on a concrete railing which overlooks a city .
A wedding party is ascending the steps to a building entrance .
A guy with tattoos , sitting on a couch .
Two guys and a girl walking down the side of the road drinking beer and orange juice .
Two young men participate in a soccer game .
A band of musicians standing on the street .
A brown dog sits still on a hillside .
The image is of a pilot wearing a white shirt at the controls of an airplane .
Two children drink from glasses .
Two women in white holds umbrellas .
A baby is walking underneath a tunnel supported by columns .
A man watching 4 computer screens in a closed office with a window in the background .
A man sits on a bench near a sidewalk , reading a newspaper .
Two kids play on the floor .
Image is of a group of people walking on a wide walkway with multistory buildings in the background .
2 people on the beach setting up blankets .
a person in sight-seeing on the shore
A baby is outside holding a small American flag .
A man and his dog are both interested in the photographer .
A conversation between a man smoking a cigarette and a woman of religion .
A man is standing on pavement holding a stick in his hand .
A group of people are looking at a cute little dog .
A man in an apron operating an open wood stove .
soccer players standing around .
A woman educating young children .
A lady in a turquoise t-shirt is walking with her kids that are wearing baseball caps .
An elderly woman sells goods outdoors in an exotic setting .
A land in black walks through a corridor .
A man in a brown cloak looks at baked goods .
The dogs run a race at the track .
A man kneels on a dock while a dog jumps in the water next to him .
Man wearing a red shirt is waiting in line at a restaurant .
A man in a bright orange shirt scales a slate colored rock wall face .
A boy kicks a soccer ball high up .
A man with glasses and gray hair is reading a card in front of two tuba players .
A woman and a man ride bikes across a city street .
Several teenagers wearing red t-shirts and green t-shirts pose for a picture .
A group of people stand clapping as a crowd watches them .
A young boy in a soccer uniform prepares to kick a soccer ball .
A boy sporting a red uniform crouches over a base while a boy on the opposing team dives for the guarded plate , skidding along the dirt .
Crowded street scene with people carrying parasols , tall buildings with Korean signage , and strings of overhead flags flapping in the breeze .
A black and white dog is midjump and has a Frisbee in his mouth .
A woman dressed in white pauses while reading her book .
A man having his bike fixed .
A man on the street has a parrot in a cage with the door open .
Four people in a vegetation field , background appears to be in India .
man grilling fish on barbecue
Two sword fighters training .
A middle-aged man strides in front of an older man in a race while spectators look on .
A Toyota truck is parked outside a busy store being renovated .
A man sitting in a green chair and a girl wearing a pink and purple dress giving a peace sign .
little boy playing in the bathtub .
A group of people sitting on the floor of a carpeted room .
Two adult males help a young female with a parasail harness .
An Olympic skater in a blue dress moves on the ice on one blade .
Three guys looking out at the water with clouds in the sky .
A man rides a cart with a display asking for an advertisement up onto a curb .
Two Japanese ladies with colorful kimonos on them .
A plane is flying over a group of people .
An ice cream vendor in a green hat shows off his ice cream cart .
A boy and woman in martial arts uniforms .
Two children are sitting at a desk .
A lock box on a pole with the keys in it .
A rodeo clown ties a rope around an older rodeo clown as he sits in the dirt .
A man wearing a hat is juggling three balls .
Three young men gathered at a table with drinks having a discussion .
family on the couch posing for a picture .
Truck filled with 5 gallons bottles in the back and a man on top looking at them .
A woman sleeps behind the counter of a shop .
a woman wearing pink beads is standing next to a man holding a camera
Two men on separate mopeds with objects strapped to the back of their vehicles drive down a street , passing a pedestrian .
A wet man reaches for his tools .
A tour group sits on the second story of a double-decker tour bus in the middle of Times Square .
Canoers and stand-up paddleboarders enjoy a beautiful day at the lake .
A painter is sitting on a pulley painting an outside wall .
A person that 's wearing a blue shirt is playing in a game of tennis .
A group of people walk down a street at night .
A couple that is about to kiss .
A man in a black shirt and sunglasses is holding an axe next to a bust of daffy duck .
Three boys peering through a fence with rocks behind it .
A black horse and its rider are clearing a 3 rung high jump in a competition .
Woman and child outside the front door of their scenic home .
An elderly person wearing a white shirt is standing on the balcony of a beige house overlooking a street called " Piazza Miradore . "
A girl is showing off what I presume is art that she made .
A man playing baseball , throwing the ball .
A crowd is gathered outside and watching an artist make something .
A group of people in a sack race .
A man in an orange shirt is preparing a meal .
Two women walking down the street wearing flip-flops .
A woman in a green shirt is carrying a shopping bag .
A toddler swings back very high .
The Woman performing Gymnastics in Olympics , possibly Australia
Three people in traditional garb play bamboo instruments .
A figure sets a foot on the ground while perched on a light blue motorbike positioned next to a manhole cover .
A man is doing a jump on bicycle in an indoor skate and bike center .
A man wearing glasses sits with a drink at a table whilst reading the newspaper .
A woman with braided hair is laughing with a man in a red shirt .
Older man in white shirt and tan pants , playing the saxaphone .
A man standing alone playing with a saxophone in a empty square with red floor tiles .
A young man and women standing next to a rail at school .
scene of a person shoveling snow citizens walking around in a cold winter environment
People are in a laundry mat washing clothes .
Group of people in New York 's Times square standing inside a fenced off area .
Five workers in orange outfits and blue helmets work on scaffolding .
A picture of Audrey Hepburn with a pink background for sale .
Two postal workers smiling as they show off the donations of canned goods they have received .
Two men are on a cherry picker proceeding to perform work at a construction site .
A man with a suitcase walks through an alley between two large buildings .
A man with a visor and blue top has thrown a Frisbee off into the distance .
Man in orange shirt thinking while drinking a margarita .
A female officer directing traffic .
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building .
Two children in soccer uniforms .
A little boy flinches as a deer kisses him on the cheek .
A group of people are looking at nature .
A young woman holding a microphone and a young man standing near her .
A man riding a bicycle in a field .
A man in a suit plays a trumpet into a microphone .
A baby sleeps on the floor with a stuffed animal .
A man working in the fields as he moves his hands around the tall grass .
A man with a tattoo on one arm and an ear of corn in the other looks at a woman in a yellow shirt .
A clown on a bicycle wearing face paint .
In this photo , a woman is on the phone smiling .
Two men working construction are sitting down .
A child in the snow with a house in the background .
A man with white shirt and blue jeans pushing a truck with a picture of a woman Edwards saying real colors never dye
most of people wearing a red and yellow clothes
A woman with a green purse sits at a bar with an empty glass in front of her .
A short-haired balding guy wearing a leather jacket is taking pictures of a yellow car .
A woman wearing a green shirt is sitting on a bench in front of two elephant statues .
A girl sitting down puts her shoe up to a guy 's face .
The soccer player is midair near an opponents goal .
A young child is jumping on an inflatable castle
A dog carries a newspaper through a kitchen .
Women in bikinis playing in a beach volleyball competition .
Younger looking man wearing black shorts and tank , with running shoes , laying down on a outdoor bench .
A man is standing on top of a bridge working .
A man holding a cup rides down an elevator .
People man the lines in a factory as each one of them has a different and specific job to do .
Two young ladies pose outside of a brick building and smile for the camera .
A guy is reading a newspaper .
A large group of cyclists pedal down a road lined with trees .
There is a young child with a red shirt with a skull and crossbones on it .
A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture .
A young woman in short leggings and a thin green sweater is walking outside in a snowstorm .
A child is diving into a pool .
A man is standing on a busy street looking with his head tilted up .
Some type of ceremony or concert is taking place as the photo is being taken from the middle aisle with the audience watches all the different string instruments play with the violinist in black taking center stage .
Two dogs ankle-deep in water .
A man in a black t-shirt and white hat hikes in front of a white glacier .
People using pay phones in a building .
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
a man in a plaid shirt blows a horn .
A man with long brown hair is reading a map .
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack .
A large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds .
A shirtless man is at a gas station .
A woman playing along with a little boy on an accordion on the front door stairs .
A man with a white hard hat is loading branches into a wood chipper .
Three men are playing saxophone in uniforms .
An older couple enjoying a Christmas meal .
A young woman wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park .
A woman in a turquoise shirt grocery shopping and riding the cart .
Bike riders stop riding while one rider fixes bike .
A group of people clap and take pictures of an unseen subject .
A dog leaps out of the water .
A soccer player wearing bright green kicks a soccer ball so hard that it sends clumps of dirt and grass flying .
A man in jeans and a striped short shirt is sitting on a stoop and sleeping .
The quarterback of the UTEP football team is about to be tackled by a member of the Wisconsin defensive team .
Two men , one in a green jacket and one in a red jacket , are trying to build a fire in the woods .
Two dogs are playing tug-of-war with a blue object in front of a building .
Girl playing mini golf with flowers in the background .
A person is driving a tractor over some cracked ground .
Man with a backpack on walking down a street , red information stand in the background .
A group of people watch a man in a white shirt speak .
A man in a brown shirt takes a picture of something on the ground in front of him .
A man with a backpack is talking to a woman in a black shirt .
Two young women dressed for a party are sitting with others and carrying on a conversation with each other .
Two people kiss in the street of a well-lit city .
A family reunion among the triangle flags .
A man in an orange vest tossing a child into the air on the beach
A few men doing outside work .
A boy in shorts kneeling on a tile courtyard , arms outstreached .
One male runner looks at another as they race .
an elderly man picks up pieces of broken barbie dolls .
A man is holding a long tool with a blade attached at the end .
A young person chews playfully on a piece of marshmallow candy .
People crossing a river on a narrow wooden bridge from one side to the other at sunset .
A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd .
A boy is kicking a ball in a building courtyard .
A man is eating and walking past a yellow and red sign .
Women bending over to adjust her boots with a large crowd in front of her .
Four children drawing pictures on a large white canvas .
A dark-haired young woman hesitates before dining .
A girl plays T-ball .
A group of people are gathered in the woods around trees and a ladder .
A soccer game in progress between to teams one team with players wearing yellow and black clothing and another team of players wearing light blue and white there is also two opposing players in the middle of the field both men look like they are trying to kick the ball .
Two woman ride a bicycle together as they pass a painting on a wall .
A dog is digging in the sand beneath some grass .
Five men run a race past an ambulance through crowded city streets while spectators look on .
A nurse placing a blanket around a newborn baby .
A dentist working in a man 's mouth .
Two babies , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .
Two people in red shirts sitting in chairs outside of a small trailer .
Two children , a boy in a blue shorts suit and a girl in a blue jumper , have a conversation in the hallway of a church .
Some guys are having a conversation .
2 women in white lab coats looking at slide projection
A curly-haird youth with a beard and glasses is playfully saluted by two smiling children , while they all stand in a kitchen .
A woman pushes a cleaning machine while walking on a brick pathway beside a minivan yellow cab .
A woman is walking in front of a building with a statue of a mother and child .
A little girl is sitting on a bench in a park .
Young man in red shirt leaps from a handrail .
Three girls do back flips and cartwheels in the surf .
The men are fishing at a highly littered river .
A baseball player in a Yankees uniform is holding a bat in one hand
A man on a bicycle is doing stunts on the track .
Several people are in a hot air balloon posing for the camera with a river in the background .
Some people are waiting in line for a street vendor .
A woman in a white dress and white shoes playing tennis .
A man jumping into the water .
A motocross rider riding his bike on a track in front of a small crowd .
A black dog is about to sit down in a white carpeted room .
A lady using scissors to cut .
Guy hitting a baseball in a field of grass outside .
A man is paddling a boat while four women are standing on a rock in a body of water
A shirtless man in a hat dancing in a crowd of people .
A man in a blue shirt is riding in a bicycle on the street
A man in a construction supply area , wearing blue jeans and bluish gray t-shirt , caries a bundle of metal on his shoulder
The boy splashed the water .
Two swans swimming near the shore .
Two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal .
A crowd goes from tent to tent looking for special items to purchase .
A man and a woman standing with a group of spectators .
A man and a woman are fishing from shore .
A woman with a short , white skirt , black boots and a red bag walks away .
A dog in the snow .
A Taiwanese man protest about local issues
A girl with black hair and jeans is rolling a ball to knock down three pins in a bowling alley .
A young girl in a pink room tries to play a black electric guitar .
African american woman putting braids in an adorable asian girls hair .
These men and women are building with wood .
Three chef 's dressed in white are preparing a meal .
cars are parked by a little store in quaint European street .
Several people on horses are all in a hurry to get somewhere .
The man is walking outside near a rocky river .
Man in blue baseball cap playing an accordion on a mass transit vehicle .
A man holding a little girl smiling and laughing .
A man in a suit is surrounded by photographers .
A young man who is baking and loves it .
A small girl is on a baseball field where an older man is gesturing toward the crowd .
Two elder women have a conversation outdoors in front of a house .
Two men dressed in jeans and coats walking down the street with messenger bags .
The security guard is guarding the museum with the black and white checked floor .
A woman in hospital scrubs jumps on the sidewalk as a second woman in hospital scrubs watches .
A man bicycles down a deserted street .
Bicyclist is looking to his right as he travels through traffic .
A boy is skateboarding near the San Jose Museum of Art .
A sailor struggles with a capsizing sailboat .
A man with a young boy sitting by the water reads a paper .
A man in chef 's attire , wearing blue oven mitts is handling meat on trays with an open oven in the background .
People gathered together on a city street .
Black dog is carrying something in its mouth and running in the grass .
A young man with a plain shirt looking down , with a band and dancing people behind him .
Four kayakers and canoers near a rock wall .
man in t-shirt and shorts doing a backflip on a sand hill .
Four boys are outside at a playground with a green and yellow ball .
A little girl is sitting in front of a large painted rainbow .
man sitting in a studio in front of a piano singing into a microphone
Little kids play with bubbles as an adult blows them .
Two joggers on opposite sides of a line of trees go down a road in fall , both dressed warmly while still in shorts to allow for freedom of movement .
A worker in a white hard hat and yellow vest operates a yellow bulldozer .
A female acrobat wearing a red and white striped shirt and blue pants performs on a pole .
a crane flying just above a body of water
Two bears are growling at each other .
There is a canoe competition as many canoers are rowing their canoes .
A man stands on a dock near several boats , while 2 other men are on one of the boats .
Four men are standing around an artistic invention .
A family is walking down the street holding hands .
A young boy jumps into the air using a trampoline .
A man in a blue shirt pushing a shopping cart .
Two young girls appear to be at attention during the national anthem .
A long-haired guy doing a backflip on the trampoline .
A crowd is present at a bar .
Before a blue background , a balding , white-haired bearded man with eyeglasses stands near a long-haired woman wearing a brown jacket and black top .
A guy with a gray shirt and blue jeans on his skateboard jumping off the side of a building or construction site .
People in line for plates of rice .
Two men are riding a couple of horses , chasing a white animal .
A rodeo with a man riding a bucking horse .
The little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him .
Young boys stop skateboarding to look at statue and talk .
A man in a red kayak in the water .
Man in blue suit with megaphone walking in front to people dressed in blue robes
A woman is looking through a basket of bread from a table full of various types of bread .
Asian marketplace vendor looking over her wide selection of vegetables .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans feeding material into industrial machinery .
Swimmers leaps off the starting blocks into their race lanes at an indoor pool .
A Sealife aquarium in a round brick building .
A young man and an older woman are laughing .
A police officers on a motorcycle pulls up behind a silver sedan .
A shirtless man in a hat and tie is hammering metal on an anvil .
A young man lifting a girl at the beach .
A singer , with musical tattoos , sings for a crowd .
A young boy playing tennis on a wet court with no shoes .
Someone is playing hopscotch on a chalked out grid on the ground .
A crowd of people seen from above , several are holding cameras .
Man throwing an orange frisbee across a green grassy park .
A woman out to dinner and drinks laughs hysterically while her friend uses her cellphone .
A boy wearing goggles jumps into a blue swimming pool .
Two people are standing along a small canal on a dimly light street .
A happy lady is doing the cooking .
A man lays back on his scooter .
Soldiers doing shooting training out in the snow .
A couple embracing while standing on a rock .
Man pounding on rocks with a hammer .
A young boy reaches out to touch a large bubble in the middle of a small crowd .
An older man holds a small infant that 's wrapped in a blue and white blanket .
Female basketball players watching someone make a free throw .
A skier is falling face first into the snow .
A man in nightclub stands in crowd of people with his hands in the air .
A man is setting up an art gallery that has framed artwork hung up on white walls .
A little boy in blue is being chased by a woman in blue .
There are three men , one man is pointing , the other two men are wearing glasses and a hat .
A heavyset woman reading in her seat on a city transportation vehicle .
a black car stopped in the road .
A young lady wearing a winter jacket and getting ready to snap a photo .
A man does a bike trick on a dirt path .
In an urban marketplace , there is a man receiving a haircut with several other men and a small girl in the background .
People stand outside a house .
Three men in caps sit at fireside near cabin , reading at night .
A motorcycle rider wearing black and silver does a wheelie on a sandy terrain .
A busy street during the daytime in an asian city .
People at the bowling alley .
A young boy in motion in front of potted plants and a beige wall .
A man in a collar shirt is holding a babies hand .
Two kids , a boy and a girl , playing with a toy train set on the floor .
A man is sitting on a skateboard on the sidewalk .
Two girls use shovels to dig in the dirt outside .
A brown dog is climbing over a golden dog that is carrying bottle in its mouth .
A woman laughing and having fun at a bowling alley .
Two people riding yellow motorcycles .
A woman is carrying a large stack of boxes .
two young girls sitting on a sidewalk coloring on it with chalk
A woman wearing white jumps up to hit the ball during a tennis match .
A man is walking across a city street with his son .
A group of people playing instruments together .
A man is breakdancing and he has spectators .
Three teenagers dancing one evening on the street .
A young child dressed like a wizard is crying .
The rugby players are competing for the ball with onlookers nearby .
Female cheerleader doing a handstand on a court .
A helmeted biker flying off a ramp in the woods .
A framed map hanging from a bus stop .
Two brown dogs together standing on the bank of a lake .
A line is forming for the food cart .
A bride and groom having their pictures taken at the top of the stairs .
A hispanic woman is standing by motorcycles .
Workers in blue and orange uniforms stand outside a building near their red truck .
the woman wearing glasses is painting the face of the blond girl .
A man carrying a canoe while camping with his dog .
One of three band members sings while the others continue to play .
A light brown dog runs happily by a green fence .
Two brown dogs trot along frozen ground in a rural setting .
A person riding a skateboard .
Three people are standing in front of a sign that has an american flag on it .
A crowd of people watching a concert .
A very young boy is sitting in a swing in a park , smiling and posing with his arms above him grabbing the swing cables .
An old man with a long white beard , glasses , and a hat is sitting on a park bench .
A girl is laughing while sitting on a couch .
A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op .
A scene over a bridge of old and new Asia .
A Dodge race car is driving down a dirt road and throwing up dust with its wheels .
A person working in a field .
A woman in gray looking forward .
A boy in a maroon shirt and cap with gloves playing in a baseball ground .
A female cyclist waiting on the corner curb .
Four women wearing energizer bunny ears point to an attraction .
A man rolling a ball to hit five balls in a bowling alley .
A Jewish man is holding the head of another man who has bent down toward him .
A man is moving his arms around making a design with flares .
A young man wearing a red bandanna at an event .
Two women , one sitting in a chair , the other standing , appear to be injured .
In an indoor bike arena 3 people are getting on bikes while men dressed in suits look on .
A couple with sunglasses are laying on the beach .
Two men read directions outdoors .
Two green bay packers hi-five to celebrate a touchdown .
A young girl toddler brushes her teeth .
A young man performing a concert engaging with the audience .
A tired looking man by wooden bars .
Five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together .
The man wearing white clothes and white leg padding is practicing a sport .
A man with glasses holds a sign that says " FREEWORD " .
A man talks on a cellphone , while standing in front of a Dale Earnhardt , Jr. , display .
Two people talking to a man about the instrument he is playing .
An audience at a live concert cheering on the band .
A man plays his guitar on the beach .
A young girl swimming in a pool .
Four hunks of meat spin on a spit while a man cuts food with a knife in the background .
Three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house .
A woman is completing a picture of a young woman .
A woman pushes her bicycle in front of a tent with pink balloons .
A young man is leaning on a tree in the grass and reading a book .
A man wearing a headset and an apron is filling up a cup with a beverage .
A group of people hanging around in front of a large government building .
Three women dance before a flag .
A woman and a young girl are sitting together at a table , playing Monopoly .
A male basketball player puts a basketball through the net to score .
Two people are walking and looking at stuffed animals .
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen .
A crowd is watching a lady give a demonstration of KitchenAid products with the help of an overhead mirror .
A young boy wearing a white shirt is playing in the sea on a beach .
The child is wearing warm clothing outside in the winter .
A man in an apron grilling corn .
Overhead view of pedestrians walking down street filled with vendors and umbrella-ed carts .
Barefooted children playing and having fun in water .
A man is crouching near a big plywood piece and some milk crates with random things inside .
Man riding a yellow machine on a dirt field at an event
A young blond girl in a red dress and white sweater is blowing bubbles while standing on a deck with a covered grill , propane tank and lawn chairs in a yard surrounded by other homes .
A woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street .
A man doing tricks with his bicycle .
A brown dog is running through the snow with a Frisbee in its mouth .
Two women stand outside with a young girl .
A woman and boy who is holding tennis rackets walk by each other .
A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie looks at something while leaning on a railing .
the man in the crane is cutting the tree down .
Two people are DJing at a concert .
A tired-looking young asian couple in casual clothes stand outside on a sidewalk with late-afternoon shadows stretching to their left .
A person is carrying a snowboard across deep snow .
A woman in a pink shirt takes a photo of a man standing in front of a large photo of a baseball team .
A person on a bmx bike .
A toddler banging a plastic hammer against a metal pot .
A large group of people eating and talking in big hall .
People are standing by the flag poles outside a glass building .
Blond woman trying on a pair of strappy heels in a shoe store .
A man in a t-shirt and shorts is riding a bike over pavement covered in graffiti .
People walking under umbrellas on a rainy day .
A few people are sitting around having a drinks .
A woman shears a sheep in front of a brick wall .
A man standing in front of a red wall .
A man is playing with his birthday cake .
The boy is licking the spoon
White dog playing with a red ball on the shore near the water .
Two people are spending good time in their boat .
The lady is taking notes .
A person is laying down on his dirt bike while in the air .
A man who is partly bald with sunglasses on , a black sweater and jeans , has a shovel and is shoveling the sidewalk and some stairs while a golden retriever watches him .
brown dogs are running down a trail
A person in a wheelchair is on a sidewalk .
A woman in boots stands under her umbrella talking on the phone .
A closeup shot of a roller derby girl going round the track .
A man windsurfing in the ocean .
A group of six people , men and women , hold up a pole in the middle of a forest while another woman monitors this action .
People riding bicycles at night on a track .
A woman in a wedding dress and a man in a suit are walking with arms linked .
Children raising their hands in class
Two women are crossing the street with umbrellas while it is raining .
Older man is sitting on a bench with his two bags .
A child is praying in front of a candle .
An ice hockey goalkeeper wearing yellow is defending the goal .
An elderly woman is at a restaurant .
A man in sungalsses with a beard wearing a black top hat with pink , green , purple and pink feathers .
A man rides a skateboard as he is taking his beagle on a run .
Women walking down the street in jeans , black high heel boots , and a beige handbag .
White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel , creating some sort of artwork .
A group of girls wearing " Volunteer for Parks " t-shirt are standing outside a building .
Two men are boxing in a ring .
A man carrying a red bag is looking closely at the black train that is emitting smoke .
A crowd of children point towards an object to the right of the frame .
A girl wearing a fairy costume rides her tricycle
A young woman walks past two young people dressed in hip black outfits .
Family purchasing standing at a vending machine .
The young girl with two red dots on her face is wearing purple beads while another girl is blurred in front of her .
A woman in a white shirt walking down a sidewalk .
People with blue gloves and white shirts with blue stripes prepare food .
Several people with helmets on their heads waiting in line at a sidewalk vendor .
Men wearing orange vests are working on the subway .
Two women are walking on the street .
Chef with two women having a conversation .
Man plays a strange looking string instrument .
Two women with bags are sitting near each other on some steps .
Many runners are running on the street in a race .
Several women are making flower arrangements behind a green counter .
A little boy on a tiled kitchen floor holding a red swifter .
A man in a vest and tie is playing the guitar on a sidewalk .
A woman is walking alone on a bridge .
Two children are hugging while on a swing above a scenic view .
A group of children playing with props
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table .
Three men are working construction on top of a building .
A group of young women protest while holding flags .
2 men are wrestling and are in midair , while the referee and spectators observe .
Two girls are on a street sidewalk and one is sitting .
An older South American woman is knitting colorful hand warmers and enjoying herself .
A couple seen from behind , he wearing a colorful tank top and she wearing white boots , jeans , and a black tank top , looking at poster of a soccer player .
An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
Several people sit on the steps near a busy intersection .
A man in a pink shirt and white pants checks out his cellphone on a completely deserted street corner .
A group of people in their kayaks preparing to race .
Two young children sitting in a blue chair holding a newborn baby .
Two girls are standing outside of build-a-bear .
A policeman stops on a street with a search dog .
A priest leads mass to his parish .
People are walking in front of a fenced area .
A woman wearing black pants , a white shirt , and gardening gloves is pruning some bushes next to grassy area .
A long-haired man in the water is swinging his head causing the water to spray in a spiral .
Pan handler playing the accordion on the sidewalk .
A boy sits in a chair and a girl lies on the ground of an outdoor patio that overlooks the ocean .
A couple of men out jogging .
People talk among themselves near an outside sitting area .
A group of young children , most of them on bikes , are on a dirt road with trees on one side .
A large crowd of people are walking in an open air food bazaar .
Three dogs are in a fenced yard and one is jumping off the fence .
This dog does n't seem to appreciate how awesome his hat is .
Five men on ladders cleaning the outside of a building .
A man walking along with a raincoat on .
A woman sits with wearing a union jack novelty hat .
The Dali Lama during a reception where participants have brought carnations , parasols and prayer flags .
A man with a camera is engaging another man in conversation on a street .
A boy in a yellow raincoat examines a piece of food he holds in his hand .
A chef is preparing a meal in a professional kitchen .
A woman in a red shirt , white hat , and white shirts is playing tennis .
Two older white ladies holding purses shopping for pantyhose at a department store .
Standing and sitting evenly with a line of trees , two female figures face the direction of a water body .
Two small children in red shirts playing on a skateboard .
Two women hikers are looking out over a scenic bridge .
A street performer is posing for a shot .
Many people are standing or riding a bicycle as Christmas trees and some Nescafe carts are sitting on a street .
A man holding onto a jungle gym ladder .
A boy is sitting down while smoking .
A girl in a black two-piece is leaping into the water .
A brown and black dog with a red and blue collar stands on a brown grassy surface with water droplets all around .
A male in his 30 's is bending down in the grass fastening his cowboy boots .
A man in a green hard hat and yellow safety vest frowns .
A black dog and a brown dog are running towards camera .
Man standing in line at store playing with his phone .
Shirtless men shaking hands before national flags .
Accompanied by members of the local hockey team , a determined woman walks the final stretch towards the marathon finish line .
A young girl wearing pink pants and white sandals waters potted plants on the sidewalk .
A man standing on the sidewalk looking at glass bottles for sale .
A boy in a red shirt is standing in front of a building and a girl in a red shirt is walking away from the building .
The man caught a huge sword fish .
Two men talking in an alleyway .
A small boy looking at things through a microscope
Several young school children standing in a circle around a woman in a white shirt and shorts .
A few people walking down a walkway .
Older man leading a white cow down a crowded street .
A woman wearing glasses and a red shirt jogging .
A group of people wait to cross the street in new york
Several people gathered around arcade machines .
A woman looks over the shoulder of a street food vendor in a crowded marketplace .
The guy in the black sweater is looking onto the table below .
A person with a large bag walking on the sidewalk next to a large brick wall .
Customers shop for fresh fruit at an outdoor market .
Two young women are reading from a paper into a microphone .
A man playing a game of Scrabble against some vegetables .
A female tennis player about to strike the ball .
An Asian woman is making a snow angel .
A man dressed in leather clothing is singing with theater lights illuminating him .
A crowded intersection in Manhattan with many people walking or standing around .
A man walking 3 dalmatians along a sunny street .
A man wearing shorts pushing a stroller watching his child walk on rainy streets .
A blond woman with a white tank top and white pants is holding a receipt while standing in a lobby with doors behind her .
A man throwing his hands up while playing poker .
Two white dogs and two brown dogs running through the grass .
A man is riding a bucking horse in a dirt field with trucks in the background while holding something that appears to be a riding whip .
A man and a blond woman whisper to each other in a bar .
Three people , one of whom standing in back of the others , holding a can and dressed in red and white shirt that says help me , are cooking in a kitchen .
Two people are throwing a black garbage back into a green dumpster .
A black dog runs after another black dog who is carrying a ball .
Young ladies crossing a street .
A man in a red shirt and a man in a blue jacket discussing and pointing to a spot on a small potted tree .
A woman wearing a gray scarf .
With one using the cutting board , three chefs prepare a meal , as customers converse while they wait .
A girl wets her head in a white bucket .
Medical professionals are in the middle of a surgery .
A soldier and a young girl stand in line at cafeteria .
A young lady wearing yellow is feeding a small child at the table .
People walking in the street in front of a chinese designed structure .
A woman on a tennis court kneels down with her tennis racquets .
Couple walks down a lighted busy street with older style buildings .
Some young men are playing basketball .
a little kid is coloring with a blue crayon
A dog and a chicken next to a building .
Six people siting around a table , with one man writing on the felt board .
A young boy is playing with his ball in front of a building .
A baby dressed as an elephant standing on a bed held up by a woman dressed in a Dorothy costume .
WWII Victory Day parade with soldier marching down street , dressed in vintage gear and holding rifles .
A man is rock climbing with protective rope .
A man in a green poncho interviews a man in an orange shirt .
a man wearing jeans and a baseball cap riding a horse and trying to rope a small cow
A woman is wearing a wedding gown .
A black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
A boy jumping over another boy on a trampoline .
young boy with brown hair and black goggles cupping hands over face emerging from the water in a pool
A man , wearing an official jacket and hat , is leaning against a rail while reading a newspaper .
A guy flipped over upside down on a bicycle .
A boy dressed in red clothing pulling a mop across the floor .
A boy wears Mr. Potato head features .
A female soccer player dressed in black .
A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park .
A tattoo artist with colorful sleeve tattoos draw a tattoo on a seated customer in blue jeans and a white shirt .
An old man is sitting alone on a couch and sleeping .
A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set .
Elderly couples dance at night , with strings of lights in the background .
A little Asian boy plays checkers on a table in a living room with another boy in a tye-dyed shirt .
People landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway .
A man taking in the intense beat of the sun shining down on him while closing his eyes .
A number five skier from France is completing a turn .
Three girls jumping on a lawn .
A man fixing a hockey net bending over and showing his underwear .
A skier about to go down the mountain .
Three children riding on a large swing .
A woman wears earbuds while working on a laptop on a table .
Two men talking in a restaurant kitchen .
One man in a black jacket and black hat is playing a trumpet .
A blond girl opening a green wrapped package .
a bicyclist jumping with his bike in midair
A woman in a striped shirt jumps up in the air and extends her arms while leading a group of children and adults along a dirt trail .
A man in blue competes against a man in white during a taekwondo match .
A man riding a bicycle down a ramp towards a dirt bike course .
A coach of a youth baseball team speaks to the players .
A man making bagels for the bagels in a shop for their 20th anniversary .
A horse , with a jockey in white with red polka dots , is making a jump , slightly ahead of a horse being ridden by a jockey in blue .
a man in a black shirt in the road throwing something
Lady in black jacket , talking to man in black jacket .
A group of women are sitting near each other and knitting .
A woman is knitting while sitting down at a table .
Three people of east Asian heritage , two men and a woman , are interacting with a white American man wearing army gear .
A young woman in a pink outfit practices martial arts on a covered patio .
A redheaded man wearing a kilt dancing with a redheaded woman wearing a green skirt in the spotlight of a darkened stage .
People travel up the elevator together .
A rock climber wearing a Santa suit is hanging from a strand of Christmas lights .
a woman with a bloody umbrella gives a mean look despite her blindfold .
Children playing with a bike in the sand .
Two construction workers , one holding a yellow piece of metal , and the other holds tool .
There is a person standing in the middle of a green field .
People wearing striped shirts walking towards camera .
The youths performed the holiday concert using a variety of instruments .
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard .
A brown and white dog is jumping up , with a stick in its mouth .
Some women with short black hair are drinking beverages .
A closeup of a man and woman wearing hats with pins on them
A man grinds with his skateboard on a rail with a man in the background watching .
Four women are standing together , posing for a picture .
A little boy is looking outside a door dressed in a winter coat with winter gear on .
two teams playing soccer against each other .
Some Asian college girls are drinking
Many people are walking through a rural shopping area .
A climber is hanging on a rocky ledge high over a bridge .
An elephant wearing a red and blue scarf walks along the brick road .
Two men with cameras shoot stand as one of them takes a shot .
A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots .
There is a man getting ready to kiss a cow .
Two people standing in a road with a crashed motorcycle .
A man is sitting by a large plant waiting to shine a customer 's shoes .
A man is standing and reading a newspaper .
Two people sitting on benches and looking at each other .
A man is giving a little girl a kiss on the cheek .
A boy plays outside near a wooden fence .
Man brushes his teeth in a bedroom .
an old lady walks down the street .
A woman wearing a white sun visor , blue sleeveless top and white see through pants munching on food in a crowded area .
One guy fixes his bicycle while another guy leans against a car .
A woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .
College basketball player going up for a jump shot while another attempts to defend .
Child in green jacket dose handstand .
A lecture hall filled with students being instructed by a professor .
A man and a child walking outside .
a baseball player slides to the base .
Two dogs run in a field of brown grass .
Two men are flailing around a soccer ball .
A woman buys ice cream from a stand .
Two young children , a girl and a boy , eat Cheerios with spoons .
A man wearing snow clothes and a helmet drives a snow vehicle in the snow .
Three cyclists ride through cordoned pathway near woods .
A man sitting at the top of a mountain .
A man with a machete chopping big blocks of ice .
A soccer player wearing a red and white uniform catching the ball for a score as the opponent wearing a blue and white uniform is in the background along with a crowd of people watching the game
Two ladies with a stroller standing in front of a deli counter in a market .
A woman eating a chocolate and cherry candy .
A little girl in a pink coat is dragging her luggage behind her .
Several kids practicing the same karate move .
A young child , pacifier in mouth , stands with her hands up against a glass door , looking outside .
A couple of people enjoying in the sun .
There is a single man on a bike peddling very hard .
Three dogs who are brown , white , and black ( respectively ) play with one another in a dirt field .
a surfer rides a medium sized wave .
A group of students playing Jenga in a classroom .
A man squatted on a rooftop cleans the rain gutters with a hose .
A man with blue shorts and a blue had running through water that is thigh deep .
Boy making a muscle holding paper that says Easter egg hunt .
A boy sits in the library , reading a book .
Roller-Hockey player saving the puck
A child in a green shirt balancing on a red rope while holding two white ropes .
A man plays a musical instrument .
A man is standing on his hands while another is on his back with two men wearing white watching .
An Asian man makes faces for the camera .
A child with a red sash practices martial arts .
A young male is about to cook some sort of bird .
A dog runs in a race .
A chubby newborn baby is crying .
Boy playing the pokemon card game in his pajamas .
A young boy is holding a yellow plastic container and playing with toy garden tools .
A war reenactment with onlookers observing .
A woman in blue running next to a black and white dog as it jumps over an obstacle .
A little girl is taking a picture outside .
The formally-dressed man smiles upwards as he does a split .
A man carrying trinkets with the Eiffel tower in the background .
A group of more than 8 is speaking into microphones .
A construction worker with tattoos on his arms is bending while working , and he is wearing shorts and a blue hard hat .
Two men operating a sound system in a studio .
Gentleman is cleaning out a pond in his backyard .
A blond child climbing across a net .
An older man dressed in red and black is operating machinery while there are others in the background doing the same thing .
A man playing a guitar by a swimming pool .
Young kids looking into an aquarium while eating a popsicle .
People are standing around outside an object .
A man on a silver motorcycle is driving down the street .
A businessman giving a powerpoint presentation .
A man wears American flag shorts , shirt , and hat at an outdoor gathering .
A toddler is smiling at a man that appears to be wearing a dark green sweater .
A man sits on the sidewalk listening to headphones .
A woman is walking down the street wearing a white shirt and carrying a bag .
A man on YouTube teaching a class .
A man in a brown jumpsuit riding his bicycle on a sidewalk .
A man is steering a ship with a long pole along a tree-lined river .
Little girl in blue coat and pink hat makes tracks in the snow .
A little girl in blue panes dances on the grass .
Two young women walking down the street on a warm day .
Three men are sitting against a gray building with writing on it .
A boy struggles to carry a girl on his back .
A woman leans against a man surrounded by yellow caution tape .
Friend gathered together setting and laughing on a blue blanket with a little toddler wearing a blue hat .
A man with a pensive look on his face shave off his beard .
A large dog lays next to a small baby with a pacifier in its mouth .
A little girl in a red dress is running from two fireworks with her tongue stuck out , and a firework in her hand .
A woman holding a beverage is walking down the street .
A boy jumps onto a large pile of leaves while a group of children and a woman watch .
A man with a red and white shirt and blue shorts , is jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket .
Band members are playing a song on stage .
A little boy plays a homemade drum while two other boys stand behind him looking at the camera .
A beautiful curved stone art allowing a view of a woman on the other side .
Two fashionably dressed young ladies sit back to back on a wall in a city park watching people around them .
Two men work on a white surface before a white sky .
Three woman with statue of liberty hats and taking a picture .
A blond child holding a sword and dressed in a black robe is standing next to a stroller .
A woman taking a picture .
An elderly woman wearing a hat has several bags with a chair on top of them .
A man and a boy wrestle inside a house .
Three puppies play on a couch .
A young girl is cleaning a hardwood floor with a Swiffer .
A young boy holds onto a blue handle on a pier .
Two boys are gesturing to one another in front of a Coca-Cola vending machine .
A girl in a jean dress is walking along a raised balance beam .
A boy in stripes walking along a ledge .
A man in the blue shirt is playing a song on his guitar while a woman and a child listen .
Two boys , two girls , strapped in and ready for an amusement park ride .
Construction workers in yellow jackets and red pants standing by a gate .
Family hiking in the woods with two children .
A girl runs past a large model of a heart .
An eclectic group performs their concert , complete with hooded robes .
Brown and cream dog with tongue out
Two little girls in winter clothes sitting on a lion statue as if they 're riding it .
Water polo swimmers competing for a loose ball .
A bride and groom smiling and holding hands in the air .
A woman is running down a cobblestone street .
People getting on and off and orange bus .
A boy with glasses wearing a bright yellow shirt is standing in a parking lot .
A child on a red slide .
A man with a white hat is sweeping a parking lot .
Two children are playing with a soccer ball in a grassy field also containing a white goat and a small black dog .
A person is sitting on a ledge outside in a city street .
young man who is just tired of waiting for someone or needs some sleep before he travels on wit his bike .
A bunch of young adults playing instruments .
A skier performs a jumping trick on the slopes .
A group of men and children play in the sand while a wave hits .
Three adults are farming in front of a metal fence .
Baseball batter ready to hit the ball
A group of freaks standing on stage performing .
A little boy is wearing a snorkel in a bathtub .
A man in a cream blazer and fedora plays the saxophone .
A chubby looking boy with a Mohawk and glasses staring at the camera with a plain look .
jealous girl holding small microphone .
Two water taxis , captained by main in black and white striped shirt and other man in pink shirt , rowing in water with old buildings surrounding water .
a baby with a wristwatch is curious about something
Two men and a dog are standing among rolling green hills .
Two men and a child working outside on different equipment .
An old man dressed in med-evil clothing holds an axe while standing on a hill .
A man pointing across a table at a woman
a shepherd breed dog running on the beach
A young white male is sweeping a porch with a large broom .
Four ballerinas wearing a black sleeveless shirt , gray skirt , and white pantyhose are standing on their toes while lifting their arms .
Two boys practicing passing a soccer ball .
A man viewing a woman 's camera in a outside area on a set of stone stairs .
A young boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent outside with items surrounding him .
President George W. Bush is giving a speech .
A man rides a motorcycle on a track .
Several people walking by a group of colorful buildings .
An athlete swimming during a swim meet .
A girl 's hands , another person 's feet , and a boy playing bongo drums sit on a picnic table .
A very red faced man playing some sort of wind instrument .
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball .
An female artist , wearing a sunhat and glasses , paints on a canvas outdoors .
Several police officers in yellow circle around a young woman .
A boy in a blue collard shirt plays with an aerosol can .
A woman holds a framed piece of art at a store while another man shops .
Male guitar player on stage in a black shirt .
A man in a denim jacket paints the word ' China ' in character letters on a white easel .
Two young girls play in public sprinklers .
A man with a backpack stopping and looking at the display in the store .
Two construction workers in a truck as the one in the helmet is about to turn the ignition .
A clown holds her ears with a balloon in her left hand .
People sitting on a balcony enjoying some relaxing time .
A man wearing no shirt climbs the side of a large rock .
A man sits on a non-moving motorcycle
four women and one man jumping on the street .
A man prepares to fly his toy airplane .
Two men are in a Police Rescue boat in the water .
A group of people stand near the edge of a cliff taking pictures of the blue ocean below them .
A business presentation where the presenter is wearing a striped shirt and using a projector .
A large brown dog is digging in the sand .
A man in a sleek white shirt gazes into the woman 's eyes while holding on to the back of her black and pink dress .
A little boy wearing blue shoveling sand on the beach .
A group of people are standing and walking around , while one woman squats .
A person in the air on a bike .
A brown dog wearing a red vest is running through the grass .
A man atop a horse smiling at the camera below a set of mountains .
A little boy sits on an orange chair while touching a computer mouse and looking at a computer screen .
The brown dog catches a ball in the air .
A man wearing a green jumpsuit pushing a wagon is waiting to cross the street .
A toddler is petting the little white dog .
A group of students waiting in line for an event .
A young woman with curly brown hair smiles into the camera .
An African American man stands in front of a heavily graffited brick wall .
A man standing out front of a pizza restaurant with boxes in front .
The man in the black beret has a conversation with two women .
A motorbike jumping a pole .
A man dressed in boots and a cowboy hat sits atop a horse that is jumping while spectators sit in the stands .
A person wearing a blue backpack and helmet is walking his bicycle down the road .
A parade with several groups marching .
Person on four wheeler does a midair stunt .
A woman paints a brown vase with white flowers .
A man is cutting a fish .
A little boy sits on a slide on the playground .
A dog chasing a deer in a field of yellow flowers .
A man bikes in a busy street during the day .
Three males are drinking beer .
A person skis through a forest of tall trees .
People at an outdoor bar .
The maroon team faces off against the yellow team at the line of scrimmage in a youth football game .
A man with long hair and a beard plays a guitar .
A man has makeup applied to his face .
A woman in a blue sweater at a child in a white shirt cutting paper .
A man with brown hair playing the drums .
A food truck chef takes a break to pear out the window .
A woman is standing with both arms in the air and one leg raised while in the ocean .
A man jogs in a long distant race in a robot costume .
A blond woman dressed in pink performs on a stage guarded by uniformed men .
A rock climber checks his rope before holding on to the next spot on the rock .
A teenage girl with librarian glasses and a lip piercing is on her pink iPhone while sitting on a couch .
A big brown dog jumps into a swimming pool on the backyard .
Boat rowing along a tranquil river flowing through reeds .
A couple at a party where the man is covering his face .
This person is rock climbing .
A smiling woman sits on concrete steps , talking to a friend .
A man in camouflage holds a large gun with another man behind him , as both look in the direction of the gun barrel .
A man in a light blue shirt with a yellow and black scarf is making a clay plate .
A young girl playing with two plastic and foam toy rockets .
A man and small boy pose with a large Jelly Belly mascot sitting on a bench .
Strange man in interesting wardrobe walks through crowd .
Male in green plaid shirt and name tag , holding a microphone with right thumb in his blue jean 's pocket .
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants .
A photographer is taking a picture of a backpack with a Vespa logo on it .
Toddler boy with no shoes and pacifier has handheld .
A girl is holding a ball and pointing to a frisbee .
A carnival midway at night .
A child in swimming trunks is playing in the wet sand .
The brown and white bog has a red item in its mouth .
A large water splash near three swimmers .
A group of four people , probably family members , are eating at a restaurant .
man with apron sitting at a table outside a store and another man walking with a luggage .
Lady dressed in an exotic dress hooping .
A person is sitting on a chair while listening to music .
A dog with a muzzle on .
The child is covered with colorful balls .
A person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket .
A choir of singers are performing in a church .
Two young flamenco dancers dance outdoors .
Students standing on the street getting drinks .
5 Elder group of man playing snooker on a pool table .
A little girl is laughing as her mom holds her up to a pole at the playground .
A young boy in a white shirt is following his brother outside .
A bearded , bespectacled man is singing .
A boy with a black beanie hat and glasses strums an acoustic guitar .
A young dark-skinned fellow poses for a picture in front of a car covered with flowers .
A boy in a red shirt walking on tree branches .
A man sits in front of a blue wheelbarrow full of produce , his thumb pressed against his mouth .
Four musicians stand and play their instrument and sing into microphones .
Many people gather alcohol bottles and caps in piles in a poorer nation .
Two large black and brown dogs run through the tall grass .
A conductor conducting a symphony to a room full of people .
A football player in a white jersey has his hand on a football player in a green jersey who is in the air .
This crib contains a baby , stuffed animals , a box of matches , a cordless drill , a paperback novel , and a blanket .
An orange truck is driving down the street in front of a white building .
A hungry looking woman is trying to decide what to get from the deli .
A naked woman is taking a dip in an isolated rocky pool .
Three men in matching outfits climb a rock wall next to a waterfall .
Two black dogs splash around on the beach .
Two men , one in red and one in blue , playing a sport in a grassy area .
A person in red snow gear is kneeling on a snowy ridge under a blue sky .
A smiling man climbs a rock .
A young man kisses a toddler .
A man in a blue shirt drives a maroon car with decals .
A construction worker in a gray shirt and jeans crouches next to a orange bucket and white bags of materials .
two biker walk across the ground .
A child flips on a trampoline .
A man wearing a blue basketball jersey is shooting the basketball .
The dancing partners are enjoying their performance .
A family is at the beach with a sailboat .
Person in black jacket standing with hands over eyes with streetlights on in the background .
Two male workers stand in a bike repair shop , the one in the foreground with a tool in his hands .
Man with mohawk carrying two plates of food .
A man and a woman are smelling the contents of what is inside two containers .
Two women wearing kimonos are sitting in the shade , outside some shops .
Some sort of dance class .
Group of women doing a presentation off an easel .
A skateboarder does a trick on the coping of a bowl .
Four dogs run toward a tennis ball while another stands in the background .
A basketball game between two high school teams .
A black dog with brown markings wearing a red vest trots down a path .
A young girl whips her hair over her head in a public pool
A team of people putting their hands in the middle .
A young child wearing green shoes , red pants , a blue shirt , and a blue hat stands on top of a circle that is on a cracked piece of concrete .
A black and brown dog pokes his head above the white farm animals .
An elderly lady searches through some strawberries at a local vegetable stand .
A woman wearing all black and a red beanie cap riding a red sled down some white snow .
Man looking around in an art gallery .
A man in a black hat with one leg is standing in front of a wheelchair throwing something while an older woman and tow younger men watch .
A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table .
A young female student performing a downward kick to break a board held by her Karate instructor .
There are two people sweeping a sidewalk in this picture .
Two dogs are running around a dog track wearing muzzles .
Two men walking on a sidewalk , and two women walking in the opposite direction in the background .
A woman in a yellow bikini top and sunglasses in a crowd of people on a boardwalk .
Two boys practice martial arts outside .
A woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals .
Two female children are in a bath together .
A young man with black shorts and a red shirt serving a volleyball .
People equipped with hiking packs and walking sticks are climbing a snowy mountain .
Girl wearing blue jeans doing tricks on a bike .
a child 's legs while squeezing through a dog door .
A female athlete in black shorts and a blue top is jumping over a hurdle .
Hands holding a frying pan .
A baby in an indoor pool is using an inflatable tube on it 's on
The little blond-haired girl in a gray sweatshirt dances at a park with people seated behind her .
A man in a black shirt and a cast smokes a cigarette .
A little kid in a blue shirt and blue jeans playing on a pink jungle gym .
A young woman tennis player dressed in black carries many tennis balls on her racket .
A black dog and a brown and white dog are playing with a stick in the water .
Several youth stand around watching as a banjo player , piano player , and guitar players play in a dirty setting .
A man in ice climbing gear holds a rope .
One man is riding his motorcycle in a desert .
A person is watching two puppies playing .
Lots of men around a brown horse statue .
A skier goes down a slope .
Three men are having are making burgers on the grill .
Father and son wear matching cowboy outfits are watching a rodeo .
A little boy wearing a yellow tank top is laughing .
The man in the middle is studying seriously , while the other men relax .
A young girl jumping in front of the White House .
A group of women eating and drinking at a table in a restaurant , with a flat screen LCD TV above their table .
A black dog runs through the snow carrying a blue toy .
A boy sits on a bus and sleeps , as a man walks past the window beside him on the outside .
Three preppy men stand around a formal dinner table outside .
Some construction workers are on a platform doing work to a building .
A band on stage playing instruments like trumpets , trombones , french horns and violins while one of the men sings into a microphone .
A woman is holding the cheeks of a man on the beach .
A man wearing a straw hat smokes a cigarette .
Swimmers wearing caps and goggles are about to dive into the water .
A toddler in a white sweatshirt looking at a toy bike .
Young man dressed in black , walking down a road .
Two girls sit on a couch in the bright sun and smile .
The dog walks on the high plank .
Two young women in colorful clothing walk through wetland .
This person is bundled up in warm clothing and jumping over a tire half-buried in snow .
A man in a white shirt pushing a concession stand around .
Woman with hand to her mouth and a man talking .
A black dog in a grassy field fetching a colourful toy .
A man in a black shirt sits on a chair in front of a table with two monitors , looking through a large pile of papers .
A man , wearing a white t-shirt and jeans , sits on two stacked crates while playing a guitar for tips .
Men dressed in white uniforms are marching .
A small girl wearing pink is bending over to read the inscription on the statue .
An elderly woman in burgundy scratches her face as she observes a young man in a blue jacket and white baseball cap .
People walking in front of a brown collard fence .
Two little boys playing outside and kicking an object around .
An old man is holding two ice cream cones as he walks through the park .
A motocross racer does a trick in midair .
A man in a blue suit and brown boots is hanging on a harness on a metal pole .
People standing near an outdoor barbecue event .
Two women in bridal dresses standing on a beach .
Two men are sitting at a table outside a coffee shop .
A soldier looks at a camera with a small child in front of him .
A man in a white shirt and dress pants sits just underneath a stone archway .
a man in an orange shirt with an orange ladder next to a brick wall .
Asian man walking on a beach with pant legs rolled up .
A national guard soldier leading a group of other national guard soldiers singing the national anthem .
A man watching something that other people are doing .
Three people are playing in snow covered city streets .
a kid is walking down the sidewalk with a few American flags .
Old man with a walker sits alone in a field .
A small girl spins in the waves in the bright sun .
A father and daughter dance at her wedding .
A man is holding a knife and a coconut on a tropical beach .
A man dressed in orange and black is running a marathon through the streets as people watch .
A soccer game is in progress with both teams on the field .
One dark-skinned man is eating French Fries and blond woman is standing behind him
A man riding a horse is jumping over an obstacle .
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .
A person dressed in a red and black snowsuit skis downs a mountain .
A female roller derby match in a stadium or gym .
Man in light trunks wading in water .
A bald photographer with dark rimmed glasses and a long bearded taking a picture .
A man in a blue shirt is walking with crutches .
a security wearing a nice clothes
A man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street .
A group of people , some on horses and some either leading the horses or carrying rope , walk by a dirt road .
Two small children wearing long sleeves are standing in the grass .
A woman sits alone on the rocks by a beach .
Woman with curly red-hair using a telescope on the street .
A man is watching as a man inflates a balloon .
Man standing outside wearing a brown shirt .
A young child is petting a calm deer .
People cheering at a gathering .
The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height .
A man in a blue tennis outfit prepares to hit a tennis ball .
People are enjoying the entertainment at the Summer Concert Series .
Child in a denim jacket , sitting on a red car toy looking a people bike and walk down a street .
A brown and white pitbull , with a black collar , is about to leap over a branch
A man in a bunny costume is giving something to a young man in front of an ice cream truck .
People gathered around a hot air balloon in the process of inflating .
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat .
A little girl in pigtails and a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are in front of a Christmas tree , smiling .
Some men are standing around a grill as some are cooking .
Green traffic signals light up as people look at motorcycles .
A man in formal wear is posing in front of a building .
Two students kissing at a crosswalk .
People in a crowd behind a yellow metal gate .
People with water guns and bottles are having a water fight .
A black scientist looks through a scope examining a biological specimen 's blood cells .
Two middle-aged men in business clothing on their laptops in a bar scenario .
A singer is singing into a microphone .
Four men in shorts and sandals ride standing on the back of a garbage truck on a cobblestone street .
Two women at a food bank in Central Illinois .
Person walking through snow .
A blond-headed child gets their first haircut while sitting in a blue car with a yellow drape while their hair is blow-dried .
Group of Middle-Eastern men selling trinkets on street .
There is a girl in a red jacket smiling with her hand on a red blow up and a crowd behind her .
Two blond dogs are fighting on a frosty lawn .
4 rock musicians rocking it out at a club .
Two bicyclists are mending a bicycle on the sidewalk at night .
A man with gray hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway .
Three women wearing black is next to each other on a train .
A small ice cream stand with two people standing near it .
Men in uniform dragging a canon for some kind of celebration with a pretty city in the background .
Several male cheerleaders hold up several female cheerleaders by one leg as they stand on a track .
A lady dressed as an angel playing with children .
A lady gazes at a fountain while a man walks by .
Two young attractive women in front of a store drop coins for street performers .
A man in a blue shirt is jumping his skateboard in a garage .
A brown and white dog on the beach .
Woman pushing a bicycle along the sidewalk .
People in orange shirts marching down street with Unified In Pride sign
A small child is holding a stuffed animal at an amusement park game booth with balloons .
Two Asian woman stare at a magazine rack .
A baby plays with a shoe .
A young man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .
A group of workers are doing some construction work .
A man who wearing blue color jacket and light green color trouser is cleaning his fishing nets after went for fishing .
A dog on wood floor is staring at a yellow ball that is lying on orange carpet .
people talking outside of a building .
Two people are sitting on the floor , and the woman is using a laptop .
A young girl and boy kids under a tree along the waterside .
photo of a street in chinatown section of US city
A man is walking a pig on a rope leash down a dirt road .
A man is running in a marathon while some spectators watch .
A man in the library is reading a book to his young son .
A wide eyed man in black baggy pants has his hands in front of his chest , while two children run towards him from the left .
A softball player swinging at a pitch .
The girl is in a coffee shop and listening to music .
A gentlemen in a burgundy long-sleeve shirt is at a fruit stand selling watermelon .
Man playing for a baseball team with a blue protective hat and baseball uniform , playing for South Carolina , is swinging the bat and missing the ball .
A man taking a picture with a camera that has a large lens .
A family sitting on beach chairs , and on blankets , enjoying the beach .
A band performs outside for guests .
Two men are standing in the forest , and the third man is driving bulldozer .
Two men look at pile of scrap on the waterfront .
A person wearing a white shirt sits and makes a face .
A police standing next to a woman in a red jacket .
An older man , with a blue shirt , sitting on sand , welds together pieces of metal .
A person in a dark outfit is walking down a stairwell which contains a shadow of an object .
Two young boys hold a man 's hands .
A man asleep on the counter of a business .
A female soccer player is lying on the field with a painful expression on her face .
Looks like a male and a female posing for a picture and dressed in costumes from the 1950 's .
A woman in a shawl is holding her child that is wrapped in a colorful blanket .
Young child using tools on a machine .
A girl in a flowered dress peaking through some leaves .
A father and his son and daughter play by the waters edge .
A barefoot man is collecting garbage .
A hot air balloon touching down with a man 's shadow in the background .
One woman and two men wearing black are looking at something next to a microscope .
A group of motorcyclists are parked along side and riding down a road .
Four policemen talking to a man dressed as a clown .
A baby playing in a toy
A man dressed as Batman running in a race .
A rock band stands on stage facing their drummer .
A man is in an ornate , wood paneled room , standing and playing an unusual semi-circular instrument while being accompanied by a wind ensemble composed of young people who are sitting behind him .
A varied group of people , two with basins balanced atop their heads , walk across a crosswalk going to and from a large brown building .
An athlete throws the javelin .
The dogs are in the field playing .
Two adults stand with five young children directly outside of a building .
An older gentleman wearing a dark coat and hat leaning over a green object .
Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset .
Two chefs in white are working in the kitchen , while a woman sits at a nearby counter .
This woman is wearing a white t-shirt and holding a cup .
A man is cutting food on a watercraft at the dock as six pelicans float nearby in the water .
People filming a lady who is reporting .
Young artists utilize an accordion in an outdoor venue .
a man in an Elmo t-shirt is riding his bike through the woods .
A person rides a skateboard off of a wooden bench .
A man in sandals sits down while reading the newspaper outside .
A small child in blue raincoat and a small child in a white shirt is waling in the rain water .
two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .
A man in a yellow construction hat with a tool bag on his back , is drilling a wall labeled superior walls .
A man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background .
10 people venture out to go crosscountry skiing .
Five men in red shirts , in a line , on a basketball court , four with hands on their hearts , and same four looking upward .
A Caucasian male performing a water board trick in a lake with trees in the background .
Two young men in blue jeans and sneakers cross an urban street .
Man in red t-shirt posing with two young women and three beer bottles .
A black dog is in midair as a woman behind it cheers .
The man is standing next to a dog , while the dog jumps in the air .
Two dogs are playing in a pool .
A large group of children in matching red vests and large fake noses yell .
A small child in a blue jacket is using his yellow pale to water a plant .
Four clowns , two male and two female , are walking down the street and waving .
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field .
A young boy dressed in a suit concentrates on his footwork with a peace sign in the air .
A man is standing on a baseball field in front of a crowd .
Man walking through large puddle of water .
Four people in winter gear jumping over a hill in snowshoes with their hands in the air .
People jog down the street in an event , the woman in front raises her hand to the camera .
A band member in a black , white and red uniform holds his silver horn .
A young man is sky surfing with a board that has painted an orange flame skull
A man stands with a flag outside a middle eastern palace .
A woman stands at a podium that reads , " SVA THEATRE . "
A man in a fire suit is looking at an orange truck on a busy street .
People are going up towards a man in a white shirt .
A young baseball player is pointing a finger in the face of a player on the other team .
A group of young football players are being sprayed with water .
A woman rides her back down a path while looking back .
Three young men and an elderly lady are sitting at a table playing dominoes .
Older gentleman painting a picture with blankets involved in it .
A man and a little boy playing together .
A woman with red-hair in a tan shirt walking down the street .
Two large black dogs , one with a ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
A red convertible is driving down the road and is stopped by an onlooker .
Firefighters are setting up water hoses .
A woman mixing something in her bowl , looking in a book and stretching her leg .
A young boy in a pile of leaves .
A man with a crazy hairdo and a long braided mustache sits on the sidewalk outside playing a stringed instrument .
A Man on a chair with a short-sleeve shirt and jeans and rain boots .
A small dog jumping over hurdles .
An old man is cooking his food .
A man wearing a red hoodie is sitting on a blue bag on the sidewalk holding a cup while people pass by .
A group of protesters are standing in a street holding signs .
A man with red-hair working on his bicycle .
Man holding a water pipe .
Native Americans performing a traditional dance or ceremony .
A girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle
Three smiling people in various costumes .
There is a small child playing in a green kiddy pool .
A dog runs through the woods .
A woman in black pants and a white shirt looking through glass windows .
A man wearing a baseball cap is drinking from a white cup .
A bald man is about to cook some kind of fish .
A woman is practicing martial arts .
A female and a male each sit on the sofa with a child .
Two women crossing an intersection .
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
A man is giving a presentation .
A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps .
A man with braids , a t-shirt , and sweatpants is dancing in front of a crowd of people .
A pedestrian passes an arch with heavy graffiti .
A man wearing ear covers is sawing wood with a chainsaw .
A SUV is parked near a body of water with a man standing next to the passenger side of the vehicle with the door open .
A young child playing with a toy train set .
A woman is sitting outdoors next a basket .
A race car driver is trying to block the champagne from getting in his face after a win while the other driver is spraying him with the champagne .
Two people are sitting at a bus bench .
This is the image of an Asian woman in bikinis with her legs folded and looking at an I-Pod phone on top of a swimming pool deck .
Two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street .
A multicolor dog chasing after a ball across the grass .
there is a man taking a picture of the choir .
A woman looks in the window as she passes a shop .
Three old men have their hands over each other 's at a grand opening .
A man with a beard sits on a bench with a cloak and fancy hat .
A young girl at a card table selling lemonade and watermelon .
Two people take in the view from behind a fence .
A redheaded female and brown-haired male wearing glasses stroll together .
A white boy is taking part in a game of pinata .
A blond man collecting mounds of wheat
Two kids play on the road while their parents wait and sit on the bench .
A lady is walking down the road with a fancy jacket with an eye on it .
People in helmets racing down the street on skateboards .
People sitting on the ground watching a sunrise or sunset behind a mountain .
A young man with glasses is playing the violin .
A man sitting on a bus bench while listening to music .
A small child jumping rope as other children clap their hands over their heads nearby .
A man in a restaurant being looked at through a window .
A lady in the produce aisle is holding a green cabbage .
Several women , some in scrubs and other with badges , are waiting in a crowd .
Two people standing on top of a rock in the middle of snow and cloud .
A man is playing an organ .
A worker in a bagel shop .
A woman is asleep on a chair on a bus .
Two people walk down a hall with checkered floors .
Two naked young children smear each other with red paint .
A woman looking at food trying to decide what she wants to buy .
A man paddles on a blue boogie board .
A family of two young boys and a woman and man pose in front of a scenic background .
A mother is reaching down for her child on a sidewalk .
A group of people on a boat paddle with oars .
A man sleeps outside using his bookbag as a pillow .
A group of people stand at the edge of a cliff over the ocean .
Three black dogs playing in a fenced area with a ball .
The woman is using the orange and black cordless drill on the wall .
Men , with event numbers on their shirts , walk down a road .
the dog is somehow causing a wave in the water .
People are walking down a sidewalk in the rain with umbrellas .
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
A child plays in the mud .
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp .
A group of people under the streetlights in the town .
Group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street .
The man in the blue outfit is cooking in the kitchen .
The boy is riding his skateboard .
A young girl is kissing the young boy ring bearer at a wedding .
Blond woman driving a red bicycle carriage holds the tip of her hat and poses for the camera with a customer seated in the back .
Two women with young children are talking on the street .
An Asian family is grocery shopping together at an Asian supermarket .
Woman sitting at a table while working on her laptop computer .
A young man throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal .
A middle-aged man with dark hair and glasses is looking through a telescope while holding a young boy who is looking at the camera .
A man and a woman lay next to each other on a couch under a blanket .
Two ladies on a sidewalk in a town and one is checking her camera .
A man in khakis pants is lying on concrete and looking into the sky .
Two workers in hard hats work on machine in close off area with barbed wire .
A woman looks out over the water dressed in a blue dress , white shirt , and green leafy headwear .
A man sits next to a woman on a bus .
A man draws a picture of a downtown landscape .
A little boy is reading while his dog looks on .
Man with black hat , holding microphone next to girl with red-hair looking at a book .
Six children , all with black hair , sit at a table for a picture .
A man in a checkered shirt and belted slacks stands and holds on to a blue partition .
A man trying to get ready for work in an evening shift in his family owned restaurant
A female soccer player gives a teammate a piggyback ride .
A woman wearing a white t-shirt and black shorts is about to hit a volleyball .
A guy standing by an electric pole and posing while at work .
The large brown and white dog shakes off water .
man scaling wall with fire in hand
Two track and field sprinters are running side by side .
A boy is riding his skateboard down a handrail while a woman and two children watch .
A man in his native dress standing in the street .
A man in a yellow shirt and a woman in a white shirt stand next to a food cart .
There are two people , a man and a woman , sitting on a bus .
A woman is dressed in bright blue and red clothes as she sits in the green grass .
A band plays on stage in front of an audience .
Eight women in bright dresses , embracing themselves , dance on stage while looking up at the camera .
A group of monks in orange walking down the sidewalk .
A small town store holds people who buy products and loiter around .
Two adults and a child wait to cross a street .
A woman in a beige jacket walking in a busy subway station .
a man wearing a blue and black striped shirt skateboarding down a steap street
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .
As a man walks down the street a pigeon swoops behind him .
A young woman in a black bikini brushes her long brown hair at the beach .
Two young boys , both wearing purple belts , are practicing martial arts .
Group of three men sitting outside and playing instruments .
A crowd marches on a path besides a lake .
A woman in a beige sweater and a man in a black jacket , among others , shopping in a Christmas department of a store .
A group of four men sits at a table on a platform before an audience in a darkened room .
A man wearing a black backpack is walking beside a graffiti filled wall .
There is a husband and wife outside of a small shop taking pictures of a baby camel .
A man is standing up , reading a newspaper , and smoking a cigar .
Spectators are taking pictures of a blue rally car that is driving around a bend in the track .
A construction worker is digging in front of a machine .
A girl in a newspaper hat with a bow is unwrapping an item .
A man in a workout suit is reading to a woman .
a man looks at the city .
Many people are walking down a street surrounded by old buildings .
A woman in all white sitting in the street .
four worker are constructing a scaffold .
An Asian teenage boy in a pink and black jacket walks with a teenage girl in a brown jacket .
The dog plays in the park .
A man smiles and holds onto a rope on a boat .
A small group of people , including a bicyclist , prepare to cross a city street .
A dog rolls in the grass .
Two women and a man dressed in Victorian era clothing ; the man is gesturing to the women in the red dress .
Eden 's Christmas Choir is performing .
A female skater dressed in shorts and a sleeveless t-shirt and wearing a safety helmet skates around a roller derby track as teammates observe the action in the background .
A girl watching a train speed past .
Balding man with a beard who has fallen asleep leaning on another man next to him , against the rails of a set of stairs .
A man with glasses in a light colored button up shirt talking to a man in a blue shirt and a man in a dark striped shirt .
A male gymnast leaps over a stack of wooden platforms .
A man and a woman walking between two buildings .
White female looking at the water with small child holding onto the rail
An elderly woman with a pink umbrella is walking down the street .
A baby is sleeping peacefully under a warm checkered blue blanket .
A man with an apron and hat cooking .
LeBron James passes a basketball while wearing a USA Jersey while 4 opponents stand nearby .
Green Bay Packer player cooling off
four men looking at a large sign .
Two children water rafting on a lake .
Bald man in a black GkickS shirt holding a ball of weight in a gym .
Two teenage girls and a teenage boy cross a street .
A person in a gray hoodie sitting on a latter .
A woman runs outside in a blue coat .
A man puts a helmet on his head .
A group of men gather around a lantern sitting atop some sort of chart .
A man in a white shirt is talking with a woman in a pink shirt .
A girl playing on a parachute .
A man in a pink shirt and shorts , sits in a telephone booth making a telephone call .
A group of people walk down the street next to a bike lane .
A sweet young lady deciding whats for breakfast !
A man is showing a woman something while she sits in front of a laptop .
Some young boys hang out around their car .
A female soccer player crouches to put on her shoes .
Woman on blue bicycle wearing helmet
The blue SUV was completely totaled in the accident and was towed away promptly .
A person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city .
The man , looking very cold , is repairing a platform enclosure .
A man is carrying his daughter on his shoulders outside along a path .
A dog drinks from a sprinkler .
A man with a black hat is looking pensively out the window of public transportation .
A man in red pants walks around .
A bald , white man , talks with an old , black man , on a bench .
A gray bearded man slices blade into some poultry on a cutting board .
A young man is smoking a cigarette while holding a maroon guitar .
An older Gentlemen with a hat lining up a putt on a golf green
A man and woman are in the kitchen and a package of Challenge butter is in the foreground .
Man arranging lumber on top of a vehicle .
A brown dog jumped into the air and caught a Frisbee .
Three men in white are painting the railing of the pier blue .
Women in a black dress riding a scooter down the street .
A young boy in a blue and brown shirt plays in the dirt with a rake .
A girl blows a bubble in the water .
group of people are wearing white T-Shirt are doing a collective work
Two men , one in a suit jacket and the other in a sweatshirt , are talking at a party .
Adults and children are in a rooming dancing .
An Asian man , wearing a helmet , sits on his moped waiting for the light to change .
Three workers hold buckets and crouch on beams with a view of a town below them .
a group of people holding signs and marching through the streets .
Two farmers laughing at a little blond boy standing in a massive basket full of watermelons .
A red-haired lady reveals jarred food from underneath a blanket .
A kid in black pedaling a bike while a girl stands on the pegs of the bike .
A person is carrying a shovel walking down a snowy street .
The men are carrying a heavy piece of wood .
A man is sitting in a chair by a lake .
Two bald men , laying on a field , tussle over a ball with other men during a sporting event .
A young girl is rock climbing .
Man in striped shirt casting a fishing line at a crowded pier .
A black dog jumping from a wooden deck into a lake .
A surfer is flipping up in the air on a surfboard .
Two young children are lying on a porch in sleeping bags .
A woman is crossing the street while a man looks at her .
A woman is doing gymnastics in a large building .
two men point and converse about a bird hanging in the window of a chinese restaurant
Some people are eating at an outside restaurant at night .
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass .
Two men sitting on a bench where one has his head in his lap and a large yellow bag next to him .
A woman in a red dress , red hat with butterfly wings walk in an outdoor fountain .
A car is loaded with items on the top .
some people driving fast over a snowy landscape .
A choir group is gathered together in a church .
A woman makes a purchase at an outdoor vendor .
A worker harvesting crop on a rainy day .
A man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave .
A cleaner worker is cleaning the walls of a subway .
A girl in pink and purple is climbing a ladder .
A man with dark hair , beard , sunglasses , black shirt , jeans and sandals sitting on an antique couch with his feet up on the coffee table littered with coffee mugs and newspapers .
Woman crossing the street at a crosswalk with multiple bags in her hands .
adorable little girl with her hair pulled up , sitting in a baby swing with greenery in the background .
2 people standing outside by a lake .
A group of people pose for a picture .
A man is sitting down and playing a guitar like instrument .
Several people in front of some kind of sandy brick wall where some are sitting , some are looking up and some are looking down .
A person taking a picture outside with a dog next to him or her .
A child climbing a fence .
A man standing on a deck above a lake or river .
a young smiling girl in a hat crouched in a field
A professional soccer player high-fives a young girl fan .
A woman is wearing a white dress in a store that has some decals on the outside , and is in the middle of two other stores , one that says welcome , and one that 's called Largo .
An elderly man wearing a hat is reading a newspaper on a street in a city .
A skater leaps through the air near a railing
Some people in medieval costume are walking through a crowded street .
A woman in black climbs the rock wall .
A woman in a turquoise and brown plaid jacket standing on a street .
Two men are working on the rooftop of a building .
A man in a colorful shirt dressed as a clown .
A young man and an older gentleman are running .
A young shirtless man in swimming trunks lies on a ramp next to a marble wall .
A barber shop with yellow window trim is very busy .
A goalie in yellow diving in front of a ball coming towards his goal .
A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth .
People walking in a parade .
A crowd of people are gathered in a busy subway station .
A young man with a v-neck considers a water jug while standing next to a black motorcycle .
A man wearing sunglasses is riding a scooter .
A bride and her groom prepare to say their vows .
Several women that look like they are head-banging .
A man is sitting on the stoop with beer and cigarettes next to him .
A brown dog is running through the ocean .
The band is about to get started on a long night of great performance .
A man looking at a picture in his camera .
A person is in a tree at night .
A crowd of people is standing around looking at a car wreck .
Adults and children are playing with Nintendos handheld gaming portables at the Nintendo store .
A man in a hoodie is looking at a pad of paper , outside a window .
Two football teams , one wearing yellow and green and the other white and black , grapple over the football while playing the game on a field .
A man works on a roof with a nail gun .
A bicyclist wearing a red helmet , sunglasses , and blue spandex clothing in a race on the street .
A woman with a pink tank top and two different shoes poses for a picture with another woman wearing a purple wig , black cowboy hat , american flag bikini and high heeled boots .
A boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow , out of frame .
A female child wearing purple attire is playing in the fallen leaves outside .
A girl is toweling herself on a deck at the beach .
Many cyclists are taking part in a racing competition .
Three young boys are crouching to look at books .
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water .
Two little girls are posing for a picture on a boat .
A girl in a green shirt sitting on a rock in the wilderness .
Small boy in red shorts with blue flowers sitting on shovel in the grass near a tan chair .
Two white dogs running and playing in a snow covered field .
A dark-skinned woman who is wearing a turban stands in the water doing laundry .
Two young men are sitting in front of a dozen fowl .
A couple kissing in front of pink and purple tulips and taking their picture
a man in red walking under a pizza inn and looking sad with his head down .
A couple is kissing in front of a heart made of ice bricks .
Two children , a boy and a girl , photographed in midair while jumping into a swimming pool .
Black dog running behind three birds on shore with waves in the background .
Children walking together with a purple and gold stuffed animal .
A girl stands on a graffitied wall , her head skewed sideways .
A man on the Miami basketball team holds the ball getting ready to make a move while being blocked .
Two workers in their hard hats and safety vests stand near a yellow block of concrete .
An older man examines produce .
Two children jumping in potato sacks .
Photo is of a Scottish parade leader followed by his troupe , while they all march down the street .
An asian man is peering through a shop window .
A couple of scientists in a lab examining a sample under the microscope .
Little brown headed girl in a red and white checkered shirt , white capris and white sandals plays outside chasing pigeons .
Two Asian children , a boy and a girl , are standing on the floor next to a tree .
Young man on a trick bicycle jumping off a masonry pyramid .
A very busy market street with lots of people looking at different things .
Two people sit on a bench as others in the distance move about .
A man in a baseball cap and sunglasses in standing inside a candy kiosk .
An Asian kickboxer is in the middle of kicking his opponent in the ring at a Mohegan Sun casino .
A man with a large net stands in water that is up to his chest .
A brown dog in two black collars running through a grassy field .
Many two-person kayaks fill a river surrounded by trees .
Three boys playing and biking with a pile of sand in the middle
A woman in a brightly colored dress stands in the rain holding an umbrella , purse , and stuffed animal .
A senior writes something down .
Little girl walking on rocks near grassy area beside building .
One man and one female dance together .
A woman in a peach tank top and jeans is walking next to a woman in a gray shirt and yellow scarf .
A man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .
A man is kicking a light pole while his friend crouches underneath him .
Two people a man and a woman on stage demonstration the martial arts to a crowd .
A group of people are standing around on a street .
A smiling man carrying a toddler squats down in front of a train .
A woman wearing all white and eating , walks next to a man holding a briefcase .
The football player is being tackled .
A bald guy by a microphone is holding his pencil up and leading people playing music .
A cyclist is participating in a race down a closed-off street .
An elderly man with a mustache and a black baseball cap reaches over to select a bottle of Ar and Hammer laundry detergent .
A man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background .
A man wearing military attire is looking at the gun he has just thrown in the air .
Large group of people drinking in talking inside a large room .
People gather to hear musicians play various instruments upon a stage .
a person in white shorts and shirt is doing a flip on the monkey bars .
A baby gives a woman an opportunity to engage in its world .
young , boys one boy is hitting another boy while the third boy smiles in the background
There is a crowd of people on stage raising their hands in the air .
A man in a white shirt looks on while at a street vendor .
A collection of women sitting on the ground .
Three women are standing outside holding umbrellas .
A little girl asleep on the street next to a change bowl .
A crowd of people sit on a grassy hillside watching three young girls dance in festive red and blue costumes .
An older man at a train station reads the newspaper .
The Hawaiian singer belts out a tune .
A view of a dirt street with a motorbike driving away in the distance and people standing outside .
A man who is wrapped in a gray wrap is stooping on the ground .
A single woman stands in front a large stone structure and a trashcan wearing a red hat .
Sleeping man in chair holding sleeping boy .
Man with dreadlocks on a skateboard in the middle of the street .
Two large mountains stand high in the air as a person tries to climb one .
A group of runners smile at one another .
A few people are sitting down watching a woman present something in a classroom as an gentleman looks reluctant in the background .
A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera .
Two people in outdated clothing posing in front of a fast food counter .
A white man is seen in a swimming pool floating above many floating devises .
Two dogs running through a low lying body of water .
A man paints a portrait based on a photo clipped to his easel .
A boy in blue in trees .
Three children are practicing martial arts in a gym .
A calm street corner with a man sitting on a stool looking at something on a small platform .
Kids in school playing Monopoly .
A girl putting on cowboy boots with another female smiling in the background .
People clapping in the corner as they watch a band on stage .
Marathon runners are heading down a road by a park on a cold winter day .
Four young girls sit around an outdoor glass table eating hotdogs .
A man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman .
Woman with red crash helmet and Native American tattoo on her arm .
A woman in a red coat is walking with a shopping bad and a large black umbrella .
A man laying in bed with a container of Mandita in his hands .
A man in black is playing a flute in a subway hall that has graffiti on the walls .
Young pretty blond women holding a tennis racket dressed as if to begin a tennis match .
A man in a black jacket in jeans takes a photograph of a man posing on the street in a silver suit .
An older man in a cap is sitting under a tent looking to the right .
A young child is standing on a hill above a small impoverished village
a boy with floatlys gets ready to jump in the pool .
People in an auditorium waiting for something to start .
Three people of Asian descent standing in a semi circle talking while one girl texts .
A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans is standing next to a red bicycle that has a rider siting on it .
A man wearing a black shirt sings and plays a guitar .
A young boy standing between a wall and several large boulders .
A young girl is lying down in the grass staring apathetically into the camera .
Man talking to a crowd of people in an expo style setting .
A bald man is writing on a white piece of paper .
A woman teaching a young girl not to be afraid of puppies .
Two young women preparing food inside a dirty kitchen .
Three people , wearing parachutes , are free-falling together through the sky .
Blond girl looking down the grating on the road .
A snarling brown and black dog corners a brown long-haired cat under a wooden bench .
A girl swinging
A girl with black gloves is running .
The checkout section at Target packed with last minute holiday shoppers trying to squeeze in a couple more gifts before Christmas .
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case playing a guitar .
A woman is looking out into the horizon while standing near the water shore .
Two women riding the train .
An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches .
A crowd runs on a wide track for a race .
A woman rests her head on the lap of another female .
A kid is looking through a microscope at an object .
A man in a yellow shirt and a woman in white sit in the sunset .
Two people stopping to admire a lake during a bike ride .
A man in a black t-shirt jogging on the treadmill while listening to music .
A woman and a child sit together in a door frame along a gray sidewalk , as a man and two women walk past .
A man is standing behind gears watching something .
Four people in protective clothing standing next to garbage bags .
A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves .
The dog is resting after a game of fetch .
A group of indian women sit by a riverbank while partially submerged in the water .
A young man in a green t-shirt strums his guitar while sitting cross-legged on the floor .
Two children look on as someone serves ice cream .
A woman is bicycling in front of a red truck .
A young child is running along a beach .
The young cook tastes his food .
Three people walking through a wooded area during the day .
Two guys are wrestling in a competition , one flipping the other .
A child asleep in a car with the window open
Two boxers are ready for their fight as the crowd watches with anticipation .
A child with a one shirt and blue shorts is holding a toy .
Three people on bikes are coming over a ridge , while a man in orange watches .
A brunette with a red and white polka dot umbrella is wearing a purple tank top .
The beautiful lady is looking at the photographer .
An older woman laying out in the grass near the ocean .
A person jumps a bicycle off a ramp in a barren forest .
Two people listen to a man playing guitar while another man dances .
The photographer is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
Three photographers with their cameras and tripods set up indoors in a high-traffic area .
A man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him .
The guys are playing soccer .
A group of musicians performs in front of a small audience in an odd building .
Three glass elevators with people inside of them .
A man is slicing vegetables in a kitchen .
Women dressed in red and black dresses walk in a circle in front of a store as a small crowd looks on .
Two young boys playing in a dirt top playground .
A man holds a fish in both hands .
A cat is looking down from on top of a sign .
A woman is hugging a man in a hallway .
Customers examine the menu of street cafe .
A man wearing large snowshoes runs inside of a seemingly crowded ski resort .
A man is sitting on a bench playing his guitar .
Young boys and girls plays soccer together .
Several footballers watch a goalie try to defend a kick .
A trio of young men sing with microphones .
A man makes a facial expression while holding a baby against his chest .
Two dogs playing in snow .
Four children are playing in a grassy field .
People stand in line at a place with purple lighting .
A group of people wearing coats and sweaters are shopping at produce and deli stands ; one stand has a purple sign that says " TRIPE " .
Hike is jumping up high in a beautiful remote place depicting an area that looks like the great canyons with snow cover mountains in the distance .
A female soccer player in a yellow uniform in a soccer field .
A man is riding a unicycle and playing the bagpipes in a crowd of people .
Woman in sweatshirt and track pants squats in forest beside of giant mushroom .
Two blond woman , one with sunglasses on her head , the other holding a hot pink cellphone .
People rock jumping into water while people fish in the background .
An older gentleman is harvesting while wearing a large maroon sweater vest and rolled up navy pants .
A guy in a huge wooden tub while people are looking over .
A man wearing a gray shirt and jeans tries to mold some pottery in a room with wooden floors .
A black man in a knitted , blue cap and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .
A little girl with red-hair and a teal tracksuit on a swing .
Men sitting around a man wearing yellow next to a firetruck .
Woman sitting on chair with belongings in metal cart in front of spray painted graffiti .
A woman hockey player in an orange strip is striking the ball with her stick .
A man with blond-hair getting kissed on each cheek by two women in front of a lighthouse .
Two young children sleep peacefully in a stroller .
Three brown dogs are in the water .
A variety of people are walking through a street market .
A man wearing sunglasses and a suit is looking at a girl with short hair .
A little girl and boy are sitting on a wooden box reading books .
Gentleman with long gray hair and a beard riding bicycle on the beach .
A young child swims with a paddle board in a pool while wearing a yellow flotation device .
A white man who is smoking and has a hammer between his legs .
A black and white dog running away across the grass .
A man surfing in the ocean .
A man in a long-sleeved white shirt and light tan shorts is mowing the lawn near a brick wall with small trees along it .
Woman laying in a hospital bed holding a styrofoam cup .
The horses pull the carriage , holding people and a dog , through the rain .
A little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods .
Firefighters walking in front of a firetruck .
A group of people are gathered under a large outdoor tent .
A bearded man in Islamic garb walks down a city sidewalk .
Two males are in uniform and working .
A man in a jumpsuit and a headband is docking a boat .
In this photo , a woman and child are at the beach
Asian mom holding tiny infant .
A large gray dog carrying a ball in its mouth runs across the grass towards the camera .
A man is poling in a canoe in a tropical location .
A gathering of people drinking beer and talking
This image shows two men standing on the street as women walk past them .
A man walking with a cane in front of a mural .
A street artist sits cross-legged surrounded by many drawings , one of which he is currently working on .
A short long-haired dog plays with a multicolored stuffed toy centipede .
A man walking down the pier scratching his back with a boat sailing in the background as the sun sets over the water .
two men hold the hands out of a window .
A man swinging his golf club to hit a golf ball .
A group of people at an art show of photographs
A man in a white shirt and blue hat is speaking .
a tennis player wearing a yellow , white and blue shirt carrying a racquet
A young lady walking her bicycle walking away from the camera on what appears to be a bike path near some water .
Smiling woman with man in striped sweatshir in the park .
A couple just got married .
A young boy sits by an outdoor stand displaying hats .
The man is dressed in all black and has a tattoo on his left arm .
A woman walks down the street dressed in a black coat and black boots .
A mom is covering her two young daughters ' eyes while they sit on a couch .
A smiling woman snaps a photograph .
A woman playing with a shaggy dog
Man and women ballet team during a performance on stage .
A German Shepherd dog following another German Shepherd who has a stick in its mouth .
A man is riding a bike on a steep tilt .
three woman walk on the sidewalk .
A boy carries a large bag on his head from a van .
Two men dressed in black with large colored bowties are performing a comedy routine near some bushes in front of a small audience .
Four people are sitting on a rock in the middle of the ocean .
A woman kissing a little boy on the cheek .
The man is skiing in the snow with a large brown dog .
A dog is shaking after coming out of the water .
Young boy jumping on to his bed .
A woman hangs in midair during a public event .
Two little black boys sit on the floor holding water bottles .
A woman is walking past an advertisement in a window .
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A white cat sits on a concrete wall and looks at the camera .
There are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them .
A man in a suit is playing the piano and singing .
Girl with two ducks on cliff overlooking the water .
Men standing near a plane .
A man without a shirt on is doing work on the side of a building .
Two people are riding bicycles along a road .
A young black man rides a small bicycle on one wheel .
A man in a red sweater vest advertising a tattoo service on a busy street .
A woman painting someone 's nails with red nail polish .
A band is performing for an audience .
Various people enjoying lunch in a cafeteria .
This is man standing by a fruit or vegetable cart peeling a piece of fruit .
Two workers in yellow vests try to fix something .
Two teenage boys walking on the street .
A black dog running through the snow .
Someone wearing an orange coat doing something on a railroad track
A group of girls playing roller derby while an audience looks on in the background .
A group of men in sandals are playing a game on the floor .
Two people and their luggage traveling and snoozing on the train .
A woman with brown hair , black jacket , large black sunglasses , and pink scarf walking down the street .
A young , male music artist wearing a military uniform jacket playing the guitar and singing with blue and purple colored smoke in the background .
A man is playing on a drum set with a white band around his wrist with two drumsticks in his hand .
A crowd of people socializing at night .
A bearded man wearing a bandanna with skulls on it is holding a camera .
A group of teenagers and children with backpacks congregates in the grass under a tree .
A man with a red Spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair .
On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids .
A man about to kick a ball over his head .
A group of people stand in front of a large , silver fountain .
Woman kicking head of another kickboxer
A young boy in a green hooded shirt pulling a yellow and black suitcase behind him .
Three men , two of them on one soccer team wearing blue , and one man , from the other soccer team wearing red , with the ball in play , controlled by a man in blue .
Two woman are getting ready for a dance by stretching .
A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air .
A man dressed in a horned hat poses for a picture on skis with three other people and a dog .
Man in uniform waiting on a wall .
A woman , standing in front of a statue is taking a picture in a different direction .
A man juggling fire .
Protesters assemble to promote the clean air act .
Two people in black outfits , surrounding themselves in black balloons in a desert
A woman stretches her calves next to a public restroom .
a man wearing a hat , sunglasses , gloves and a jacket holds a shovel on a snowy street in front of a gray nissan Altima .
A young boy in black boots and a blue shirt walks along an unpaved road .
Older man standing behind a booth of the street that is full of various sunglasses .
A person falling off a dirt bike in the middle of a dirt bike race .
A man at a table eating , holding up a lone potato chip and looking at it .
A man whose face is only partially seen is sitting down and writing something with a pen on paper with a cup in front of him with Disney characters .
A man in a blue hat and glasses is adjusting a camera on a tripod .
A man and woman looking at vegetables .
A woman and small child are sitting on the bank of a small creek .
Two male basketball players are fighting over a basketball .
Man welding something metal .
woman smile and wave to the camera
Asian emo boy rests hands on hips beside a river .
A woman walks with a child down the sidewalk .
A well lit concert area occupied by an ensemble that is currently not playing their instruments .
Three men sitting on a stoop by the street , with bicycles parked behind them .
A man doing a fire dance with the camera on a long exposure time .
Group of hiker start walking on a rocky trail .
chilling in front of a nice starbucks .
People are crossing an intersection while cars pass by in the background .
A man is launched into the air from a raft .
A young Mormon man walking with his bike downtown .
Two men on a produce cart driven by a horse .
A girl in a blue shirt with a lunch box is walking .
A group of men and women walk across a stage with beads in the background
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
Two medium sized dogs run across the snow .
Young boy in red and white stripes leans against the wall with his hand over his eyes .
Get that ball away from my shoes or I 'll step on your face .
A small brown and white dog running through tall grass .
A lady enjoying her tunes in the big city .
A surfer makes a turn on a wave .
A man in a turban sits prostrate with his boots on the ground in front of him .
An asian child with a yellow bow in her hair on a swing with an asian woman standing behind her .
A lady bowling while watching a movie .
A family gathered opening presents .
Construction site surrounded by chain link fence .
Five people in a gym .
A man prepares to sell items from his food cart .
An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park .
A long view of a curving railroad track with a group of people off in the distance .
A military man walks away from a line of Army vehicles .
A man and a woman holding a baby walk past some wooden furniture .
A man dressed all in orange is standing in front of an audience .
teacher , with her students .
A person surfing in the distance with the wave collapsing just behind him .
A lot of people in suits attend a convention
A dog carrying something blue and running .
A man in a turban walking behind someone in a pink shirt .
Man on a bike holding an umbrella posing for a photographer .
A man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume .
Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines ; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .
Three teenagers are carrying wood down a street while one of the teenagers is smiling at the camera .
A guy dress in blue & white is making a funny position .
A rider has fallen off a horse and is shielding himself from being trampled
A man with long hair and a blue shirt is sitting outside with his guitar case open , laughing as a young girl sits and watches .
a marching band in full uniform is coming down the street .
Number 44 looks over his shoulder to see Number 8 closing in on him .
a woman sitting down with her hand proped under her chin
One man jumping off a dock .
A black man wearing a safety vest and hard hat is dumpster diving and appears to be holding a piece of electrical conduit .
A little girl in a denim dress runs down a path .
A man in a blue shirt is writing sentences on a chalkboard .
A man with a beard spray painting a mural .
A few guys playing soccer on a field .
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through a part of what looks like Arizona .
A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion .
A woman is balancing a sword on the stop of her head .
Older men play dominoes in a park .
Two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area .
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera .
A tan dog is walking through snow .
A group of two men and a woman resting during a walkathon .
A woman riding on a children 's toy .
A group of people at a festival .
This woman is smiling and talking on the phone while sitting on a stone wall .
A man walking down the street with his hands in his pocket , and an elderly woman stands near a staircase with her hand on her purse .
Large brown dog running away from the sprinkler in the grass .
Two coffee shop employees are making coffee drinks .
A family looking out a window watching crowds of people holding umbrellas in the daylight .
A boy holding a rope .
Several people sitting , standing or descending high , wide set of white , outside stairs .
A large family is eating a meal together at a table .
A boy with blue jeans is climbing .
A man sits and works on a crafts project .
A man in a black uniform is preparing to kick a soccer ball during a game .
A woman holding a child showing her a garden .
Man in jeans and jacket walks between two large white cones .
Man riding a blue step scooter in front of fire engine in parking lot .
A man with a camera and a dog on a mound of gravel .
A girl is sitting on a chair in a white room .
A lone man is sitting on his chair in front of his drum .
A woman and a man cutting dough into small pieces .
Two fencers practicing in a gymnasium .
A soccer participant is trying to hit a ball while an opposing team member runs behind him .
The old couple is walking past a colorful outdoor cafe .
a street performer in the middle of a crowd
A surfer rides a wave to shore .
Three young girls in black leotards with aqua trim are standing in a row .
A woman in a blue shirt about to board a trolley .
Men in white hard hats and orange vests are working on a wall .
People try out a game demo at a trade show .
With focused gazes , three uniquely dressed actors stare off-stage .
A man performs a waterskiing stunt .
With a little help from a friend , I can get to the top !
A tribe of people are posing for a picture .
A blond little girl , wearing a red shirt , flowered skirt , and red and white striped pants , is looking into a dollhouse .
A young lady practicing dancing .
Three men in a foreign country sorting limes .
Athletes are running in an event .
A brown dog has a blue and white ribbon pinned to him , and teal and yellow ribbons behind him .
A man is sitting in a barber 's chair getting ready for a shave .
A man cooks sausages dressed in typical chef clothing .
Man is lying down inside of a black structure outdoors .
Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground .
The girl is talking on her cellphone while skating down the street .
A man in a red shirt pins a younger man in a white shirt to a blue padded mat .
A little girl makes a face while drinking through a straw .
Two men talking , one wearing a Summer School shirt .
All of the people watch as the boy hits the ball across the park .
guy holding a knife on his right chest .
An older woman is carrying two watermelons on the sidewalk .
The man is pitching a baseball on a dirt mound .
A little girl playing with a knob on a closet in a room and a little boy jumping on someone on a bed .
Men are standing around , talking to each other in a room with a cloth ceiling and folding chairs .
A person in a red shirt holding a paper bag above a baggage cart .
A man in a suit walking down the sidewalk with his arm in a sling .
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people .
A man in a black top and white cap is stretching backwards in a sports stadium .
a kayaker plungles into the river .
A woman in a purple jacket is selecting food in a grocery store aisle .
A young thin man holds a partially eaten sandwich with his left hand while typing on a computer with his right hand .
A man in a gray shirt is holding a metal pipe .
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother 's wagon down a dusty dirt road .
A woman in all white walking down the street .
A man in a yellow shirt watches as runners are about to run past him .
A man is vacuuming the grass on his lawn .
Men and women in white suits holding each others limbs .
A beautiful woman is posing for a photo by a plant .
A small boy wearing a polo shirt eating something .
A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree .
People sitting around table .
A colorful monument in the middle of a plaza .
A stunt bicycle rider performs under an overpass covered in graffiti .
A young women plays golf on a grassy turf .
Three people walk on grass adjacent to a river .
a dirt bike ride through the sand hill .
Two guys are drinking beer out of glasses .
An old man and an old woman with dyed hair laugh at a joke as they sit next to one another at a table .
A man in an apron smokes behind his market booth .
A man dressed in all green with his face covered by a bandanna is working outdoors with heavy machinery .
A man in a brown and white striped shirt holding and looking at a framed picture of a man and a woman .
People trackside at a subway station by a train .
A woman in an orange jacket and orange glasses is jogging .
A little boy chases ducks through the leaves .
man in black jersey with ball with man in white jersey
A crowd sitting in an indoor stadium .
Four people sitting on a orange ride in a carnival or fair .
A little girl smiles while she presses buttons on an audio mixer .
A red pickup truck is being washed by several people , one of whom is standing in the bed of the truck wearing a red shirt and blue shorts , washing the back window .
A boy on a baseball field dusts off his plate .
Black man pretends he is Forrest Gump and runs across America .
A man in a blue shirt and tie makes a hand gesture .
A man teaching three little girls how to play a clarinet with windows and a table in the background .
A lady in a red dress and a guy in a pinstriped suit ( but with no jacket ) are dancing the tango in a courtyard with an amplifier plugged into a wall .
Girl bundled up in jacket against the cold .
A dog jumping off a fence and another dog on the grass in the background .
Young man does stunt on bicycle near beach .
A machine lifting dirt in front of an apartment building .
a black man in orange jacket is sitting on a chair .
A boy in a green and yellow t-shirt is playing a guitar in a large crowd .
Woman with large hoop earrings applies makeup .
A man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a large amount of computer equipment .
A woman tries to cover her face while riding a moped .
Two white and black dogs play and jump in a fenced area .
Male cheerleaders are holding up female cheerleaders on a football field .
Two friends are playing a video game while a third looks on .
Man in a green jacket riding a green ATV in the desert .
Fisher persons are lined up on a dock with their lines in the water .
A woman in a white tank top is eating a salad at a sporting event .
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains .
Two feet wearing yellow ski boots on ski
Women on tennis court standing in front of net holding a book .
A woman in a blue coat is cleaning the teeth of a child with a pink bib .
A man standing up talking with another man in some kind of lift .
A guy waterskiing behind a boat .
Two dogs play around in the grass .
A man with a baseball cap and glasses and a lady with a bandage on her left are sitting at an outside cafe that is roped off .
There is a person kneeling on the ground .
A construction worker is grabbing his ass .
A boy jumps .
A boy and a girl playing in the pool on a sunny day .
A man mixing cement in a red wheelbarrow in a driveway .
A child in blue jeans pulls off a red jacket in front of a mirror .
Two women on a city street are smiling at each other .
A young woman in an " I Heart Bill Clinton " T-Shirt cooks meat on a grill in a public picnic area , while two young men converse behind her and a bicyclist and motorcyclist ride by on a nearby road in the background .
Man and woman kissing at their wedding while crowd watches .
Musician sings into a microphone while playing a guitar .
Two people walking down the sidewalk , away from the camera .
A chef working on an outside stove burning coal and logs to cook the top layer of food
The white dog in front of the person standing in the water is jumping up .
A young boy , wearing an orange shirt , is standing outside , while a man in a green shirt pours mulch from a bag .
Three Asian children sitting on a couch with tapestries hanging in the background .
A man playing basketball while wearing a Jordan jersey .
Young boy is buried in the sand .
The waiter with a white shirt and black vest is waiting on the people in the restaurant with a big mirror in the wall .
A naked man sitting in the park near his bike reading the paper .
A young boy is applying numbers with a glue stick to a large paper circle that is striped with red and blue lines while a girl next to him is cutting something with scissors .
A man without a shirt , wearing a helmet , jumping a bike in the air near water .
A brown horse with a rider sitting on him is jumping over a blue barrier
a female athlete is jumping into the sand .
Toddler in blue jacket poses holding handle of large metal bore .
A motorcyclist dressed in green with a green motorcycle is jumping over a row of green motorcycles
Guys smoking outside in the cold .
A man is performing with fire sticks before a crowd outside .
An older man squatting outside , holding a cup , with a plate of food , personal bag , and walking stick next to him .
A group of people are standing around a water fountain getting wet .
The football player runs the ball past the referee .
Two ladies in summer attire standing around at a soccer field .
a small child playing on a tire swing
A little girl looking at newspapers .
A man sits on a stool as another paints a graffiti piece on a wall .
A nighttime rally at a landmark .
A man wearing an orange vest is in a lift while extending one arm out .
A woman on the bus is reading the newspaper .
A man and a woman sit outside - The woman is wearing a fur coat and the man looks professional with a tie .
runners at a marathon running a race heading for the finish line .
A band of men playing instruments .
Two construction workers doing their job .
Seated man with red hat and green shirt is talking on the phone .
Four black children smiling and eating their lunch on the ground .
A man holds the hands of a child standing in the water .
A man is in the middle of hitting a red , white and blue volleyball .
A man in raincoat stands in a dry dock next to a ship .
A black and white dog jumping in a yard .
A woman in a dimly lit room speaks to a crowd of mostly children and a few adults .
A person jumping off a ramp on a bike over a crowd .
A baseball player standing on the mound .
People are outside dancing at a night event while the entertainment sings and plays instruments on a well lit stage .
a person dances on a rock .
A young man with long hair sits at a drum set on stage .
Two men , one wearing glasses , with a silver mixing bowl and rice milk .
A homeless man being observed by a man in business attire .
A woman in a black shirt has a tattoo on her leg .
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside looking at the view , one using a pair of binoculars .
Two little boys playing with leaves .
A man in a red baseball cap eats a chip .
A woman with brown hair is standing behind a counter holding plastic wrap .
its been a long day at work .
A woman serving food for a little boy outside on a large rock .
Two dresses up girls with their phones out .
A dirt-blonde girl in a white top with a key necklace holds a bag , standing in front of a sidewalk of street .
A girl makes waffles in the kitchen .
A man in blue jeans and a white shirt is standing on a ladder .
A girl raises her hands up in a crowd of people .
A man in a hat is sitting on a bench on a sidewalk .
A boy wearing brown swings in a playground against a blue sky .
People are standing in a building that 's under construction near 3rd St .
A group of people stand around a table of food while two people serve themselves .
A dog jumps over a creek .
Two Caucasian males are eating .
Female rollerskating athlete
Three women walk by an office building .
A young woman walking down the rainy streets in a red parka .
A man reclining with his feet up on the desk .
She is about to throw a stick for a competition .
There is a man wearing construction gear , standing next to a bulldozer that is picking up rubble and debris .
A man is in the ocean holding a star fish .
Two men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball .
A blond man plays guitar with one other player barely visible out of frame .
A waterskier is jumping through the air whilst holding onto the line .
An entertainer hyping up the crowd .
A black and white dog runs in some leaves .
A man in a faded red shirt is shoveling something from a steaming cauldron and a man in white is looking on .
There was a woman with glasses standing in front of a microphone surrounded by people .
A woman in blue is cleaning up a street with many trees behind her .
a baby on a bed in a hooded jacket holding a light stick .
A man is crouched behind some cover while playing paintball .
A boy looks over the city .
An elderly woman with a tan nun uniform on and glasses is taking a picture with her camera .
Four wild dogs in a dry field .
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow .
A person is holding a drum .
A group of men in oriental attire are celebrating .
Two men participate in a match while wearing karate garb .
A black woman in a red blazer sits on the London Underground with her bags on her lap .
A man is fixing a broken roof that needs to be replaced .
People walking or riding a bike around in the sand at dusk .
A woman in a white dress is riding a bicycle .
A man with a hat walks through a muddy field with dikes , spreading seeds .
An older woman holding a newborn baby .
A person on a bicycle is jumping over grass and rocks on an outside trail with a mountain in the background .
Four people standing near a wall at night .
A woman , wearing red and black biking gear , biking up a hill .
A young man in a Run DMC shirt cuts the hair of another young man as a teen in a striped shirt watches .
People in a dark subway tunnel .
Surfers are riding their boards on large waves .
A young boy is playing around on a tram .
A boy is playing with a toy dinosaur in the bathtub .
A child in the middle of a city courtyard in front of some stairs is flying his kite .
Two children stand near a water fountain .
A man is parasailing with mountains in the background .
Young swimmer in a green bathing cap performs the breaststroke .
A boat is just off the beach with three people standing on it , and the two people loading something on the boat .
baseball players playing with kids and adults on a field .
Girl leaning over a white staircase .
Black dog stands in river .
Two men are singing and playing guitars outside a cement structure with spectators sitting on steps on their left .
a boy with spiderman armbands is in the swimming pool by the wall at the edge .
The gray dog sits quietly , dressed in a blue track jacket .
Two girls are walking together .
A man using a wheelchair is talking in a field to a couple women .
The boys and the old man are splitting wood to stack .
A young child wearing a yellow shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
A man in an orange jacket stands on sand with a blue sky background .
Woman behind the counter running a shop .
A small child in a baseball cap holding a scooter looks at a model of the city .
People walking through an asian marketplace .
A group of young people eating at a restaurant .
A man in red takes cellphone pictures at a football game .
A woman and a boy walk around a fair .
Two men wearing blue and yellow suits and boots are working on the road .
A man in a cluttered motorboat rows whilst his female passenger has a look of disappointment on her face .
Asian women in traditional garb are walking in a parade .
a buddist worships buddha .
A mom is spoon feeding her child and the child looks unhappy .
A female dancer works on striking a pose .
Two young boys playing hide and seek .
Two women , one in a green jacket and another in a black jacket , are looking at shirts at an outside flea market .
Shady man waiting for someone .
A skier wearing a black backpack is making his way down a hill .
An old Ford passes through the street .
A member of an African tribe is watching the camera intently in tribal dress .
A man plays a violin at a concert while a man speaks into a microphone .
A lemonade vendor in a checked shirt sits behind his lemonade stand .
A group of people watching a young lady and man .
Two people with helmets ride bikes past a wooden-paneled door .
Man on a tall unicycle , who is wearing bright yellow shirt , red bandanna and camouflage pants is juggling 3 pins while people watch .
Some people are playing ping-pong .
People working in a kitchen preparing food .
A woman wearing a red sash is brandishing a sword in a class .
A view of a river running under a bridge .
A man is selling crabs at a fish market .
Young girl in a dress crying .
A baby in a blue onesie is sleeping .
A white and brown dog runs in a field .
A man and woman sit on a park bench with a set of newlyweds behind .
A man in a welders helmet sitting on a metal beam .
Asian friends standing in the street in busy part of town .
A girl holds a blue balloon as she walks .
Four men pouring some red liquid on another man .
Six women wearing long black robes and head covering walk through an elegant building .
Men and women in hard-hats ; one takes a picture
A skydiver safely lands while another watches from the ground .
Two old men sit in a hot tub .
A girl looking bewildered by her snowman .
A woman crossing a busy downtown street .
A man sitting alone in meditation in an upscale spa setting .
Several men and women are enjoying food outdoors .
A man dressed in white serving a tennis ball .
Two women wearing white shirts are dancing .
The man is walking towards a group of people on a long dirt road .
A small black dog walks in the sand .
A woman and a child look out over a river .
A physically fit man dives into the water , with mountains in the background .
A man walking a gray poodle is walking past a billboard with a cow on it .
Some men work to paint and a sand a cement area .
A man in a red plaid shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .
People stop to take in the scenery of the bridge .
A woman is reading to children on a couch .
A boy crawls under a house outside .
Two asian chefs cooking with white suits and hats .
A woman poses with a minstrel in a city square .
Snowboarder on a pink board flying through the air .
A bare chested man with a fierce expression on his face squats on a skateboard beside a furry dog .
The white dog is on its back in the sand with paws in the air .
Bald , older man with sunglasses and white shirt , blurry crowd around him .
A man in an apron smiles by a table .
One man in black is jumping high into the air on his bicycle .
A person wearing a gray sweatshirt bikes through an alley full of parked cars on a cool fall day .
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over grass .
A toddler in a sesame street t-shirt , and an infant , wearing a shirt with a baseball printed on , play with dirt in a public park .
A large group watches a presentation in a conference room .
A girl wearing red and blue clothing poses for a man kneeling to take her picture .
A girl holds onto a rope above the water .
A man is jumping backwards and the progression is shown in slow motion freeze frames .
Four men are seated playing instruments in front of a store with yellow walls and green painted windows .
A group of people with cameras are taking photos of something high above their heads .
Two Asian females walking along a sidewalk , with one holding a purple umbrella .
A man dressed in all black with blond-hair sitting next to a woman in a dark green jacket , both have unpleasant expressions upon their faces .
A kayaker wearing a blue helmet paddles a blue kayak .
An older man in white pours water over what looks like some sort of shrine while another sits to the side watching .
a tan dog running through a field with his tongue hanging out
A dog in grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
A woman with two children , a cake , and a laptop .
A young girl playing the harp .
A tan dog with a black collar on and his master playing around in their free time .
A group of brightly-colored performers pose as a group .
Two boys are skateboarding in front of an office building .
A smiling man selling treats in a clear bucket .
Man inspects sausage inside a deli .
Two silhouettes of joggers as they go under a dimly lit tunnel .
A man and a woman are sitting at a table drinking .
Homely looking cheerleaders are performing .
A sled-dog team works hard on this snowy trail .
The hatted males pose for a picture .
A woman in a gray shirt is stretching in an outdoor park area .
A woman in an apron cleans a table that is surrounded by different colored chairs .
A man in a blue shirt playing with a young boy in a red shirt on the ground in a bedroom .
White dog with yellow and black # 8 jacket in front of pack of dogs in race
Sooners football player number 50 plays in a game .
Children look through a fence .
Two men sitting at night .
a boy pushing a red toy atv next to a pool
A man in a blue striped shirt and blue jeans , is playing in the hay .
A woman and her little girl in a pink dress standing by the yellow curb with her packages in front of her .
Men as they take off and try to run as fast as they can .
A young girl watched as a girl younger than her climb a tree .
A woman in a cream tank tops and sunglasses scratches her head as she looks of to the side .
A girl overlooks a boy sitting down reading a book .
A man wearing khaki pants and no shirt is shaving his face near a boxcar .
A man sells food in a market .
A legless man is walking next to a man in a bright yellow shirt .
There is a woman here in a children 's room , wearing a red vest , with her hand in a fake sharks mouth .
A lady in jeans and a jacket walks carrying her backpack over her shoulder .
A man in the Rodeo fall off a bull .
Two boys skateboarding at a park .
An older lady is making yarn and it rolling it into balls .
A woman wearing a hat carrying a little girl on her back .
A man is standing on the edge of a small embankment .
Kids play around a statue bust outside .
A young child leads a large dog on the shore .
A dark-haired woman is wearing a red outfit .
The person in the parka is on a snowboard .
Athletes are running on an indoor track wear different colored shoes .
A bare chested man in shorts is fixing a roof while another man wearing the same thing looks on .
A man pulls white bandages off the face of a man sitting in a chair .
A man is parasailing into the sunset .
A group of people standing outside next to a tree and some chairs , there are cars and more trees in the background .
A man painting a city landscape
A group of children sitting in a circle with instructors and a child in the middle showing something .
a man wearing a black outfit holding on to a glowing sword .
Old man cutting a piece of pipe to the correct shape .
Two bikers wait to cross a street at a crosswalk .
Some kind of gathering in a foreign land .
A surfer in midair on his board in the ocean .
A young woman jumps on the grass in front of a street hockey rink .
A man in a sleeveless blue shirt and athletic pants punches a punching bag .
A man dressed in all white is talking to the people seated on the dirt floor .
Two large black dogs run through the snow .
A group plays the bagpipes in a parade .
A woman and child dipping fruit in fondue .
Graffiti of a weasel on a wall .
A man is making an inspirational protest speech .
a man is making something out of wood
A surfer in a black surfing suit in motion .
At the rodeo , a patriotic cowboy and cowgirl prepare to ride with an american flag .
Two asian kids are playing with a very large tree branch .
A man with a suitcase is standing in the middle of an airport with a big board of flight schedules in the background .
People are dancing and clapping there hands .
A woman wearing a black jacket walking down the street with a young girl wearing a backpack , getting ready to pass a group of people standing on the street .
A woman puts on red lipstick while standing very close to the mirror .
A little boy in orange shorts and flip-flops plays soccer on a basketball court .
A guitarist looks on intensely while playing on stage .
Women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean .
A baseball pitcher is about to throw the ball .
A man with a vest and tie on performing in front of a crowd .
A small blond girl with a red balloon is standing in the opening of a wooden building .
A man standing outside of a safety control chamber , dressed in an orange suit , black pants , and gray gloves .
Old man teaching little kid to drive .
A brown dog with a black collar stands next to a bush .
A woman in a cap at a coffee shop .
Two women are looking at a monitor with a long antenna .
Young girl with blue eyes eating a cookie .
Men in the midst of playing a pairs tennis match during the day .
A young man jumps into the water from a floating slide .
A group of people on a dock with a boat on the other side of the dock .
A man playing the guitar at a club .
A young child is kneeling and looking at a small creature inside a glass case .
A person in a pink shirt and a blue helmet climbing a rock wall .
People wait in line at the deli , deciding what to buy .
Two people are walking towards a domed structure .
Four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors .
A man talks to a boy in a vacant area .
A woman wearing a towel and drinking water is seen through a bathroom door .
People are waiting for the subway on the outdoor platform .
Child with a toy in his hand .
A group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them .
A group of people are walking toward a sign that reads " The Deep End " .
A man carrying a blue oil drum is performing a show on the street .
A woman in a red jacket is leaning on a baby stroller while talking with another woman at a train station .
A man in a kitchen leaning over a table sharpening a knife .
A boy standing in water doing a kick .
The table is filled with stacks of books as well as books standing upright so that the covers can be seen by passersby .
A nicely dressed man walks away from his bus stop .
Three people walk along a trail in a greenbelt in a forest .
A cyclist rides his black bicycle while wearing a yellow jacket and white helmet .
An apparently homeless black man with mismatched shoes , two pairs of pants , and a heavy jacket tries to warm his hands while sitting on a door step .
Two people wearing snowshoes are tracking something .
Two people sitting on a dock under a lamp post with clouds in the sky beyond them .
A young Asian woman sits posing while a portrait artist draws a portrait of her wearing a pink dress .
A woman in a skirt walking across a skywalk .
There are two children , one with a broom the other with a dustpan that are cleaning up the concrete in front of a green trashcan .
Two young men wearing camouflage stand in the grass .
A man stands in a church while people around him watch .
A group of people riding in the back of a truck , down the road , in a country area .
Two monks are walking down steep stairs .
A man in a black shirt holding a smiling baby .
A little boy is playing with a yellow shovel in front of a Christmas tree .
A person is skiing whilst flipping through the air above a beautiful body of water .
A little boy is opening gifts surrounded by a group of children and adults .
A man in fishing overalls in the water .
A man with glasses is holding a baby .
A large display of a child 's face over a water park .
a couple leaning over a concrete railing inside of a building
Several people are standing and staring up at a work of art .
two women at a table and child playing on the floor
A white dog and a black dog running side by side on the grass while onlookers watch .
A baseball team enjoying a win .
A pale dog runs down a path .
Two elderly men are enjoying a visit outdoors on a park bench .
A man in a folding chair sits at a street fair .
Woman standing on a small mat with her mouth wide open .
A small child , wearing a striped shirt , is unable to see down the tube of a telescope .
A man wearing a black shirt and camouflage shorts and a child wearing a blue shirt and camouflage shorts are holding snow cones in front of a motorcycle .
A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow .
In this photo , a Man on stilts is playing an instrument .
A church worshiper in a blue robe prepares to enter his place of worship .
A white horse and its rider vault over two obstacles .
Three workers are walking out of their secured building at the end of the day .
An older man puts on his socks .
An athletic man runs wearing orange and blue shoes .
Three young boys playing badminton , with a fence in the background .
A grocery store clerk smiling in front of isles of product .
A woman in a blue shirt holds a camera .
Two bikers biking by a yellow field .
A baseball player wearing red , white and blue gets ready to bat as his teammates stand behind him and watch .
Many people sitting at long tables and eating .
A boy in an orange shirt , with a blue bookbag across his shoulder , talks with a man wearing a red kilt and holding bagpipes .
two fireman having a laugh
2 men sitting on opposite couches are talking .
A person is going for a walk .
A group of eight campers sit around a fire pit trying to roast marshmallows on their sticks .
A man tossing his son up in the air , but almost having him hit the ceiling .
Many people are seated in a well decorated hall .
A man and woman sitting on a bus bench .
Black and White Dog runs across a lawn while drooling .
Children are playing in and around a garden tube in the front yard of a house .
Two women walking down the side of the street .
A jockey in blue on a race horse trails behind the jockey in orange .
A young boy on his knees with a hammer .
Few people sitting aside a path below a statue .
A small group of people meeting together at a tree by water .
A little girl with brown hair wearing a sweater is playing with a pink yo-yo .
Three men are together , two sitting and one standing .
Synchronized swimmers with arms and legs raised out of water .
A black and white dog is chasing a ball on an open plane .
These people are cooking lots of food .
A woman is walking at dusk down an urban street .
Train riders pass off a loop to one another as they pass .
a family having a conversation in their backyard
An older man with a cane in a brown hat and sweater rests on a low stone wall , in between tables covered in an assortment of antique goods .
a middle-aged woman climbs a mountain .
People on the roof of a building look down on a crowded street .
A woman wearing a pink shirt is brushing her brown horse 's mane in what appears to be a barn .
People are walking down the street .
An elderly couple having a conversation .
A boy walking around the base of his house which in made of stones in his bare feet .
A young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond .
People purchasing ice cream for italian ijs .
A young blond boy is jumping from bed to bed .
Cheerleaders in red and white uniforms cheering in the street .
A young female child attempts to break a Scooby Doo pinata using a stick at a gathering of her and her friends .
Two women , cosplaying as a pokemon and pokemon trainer , are posing for a picture in the street .
A child with a blue shirt and red sweater draped over his shoulders is looking over a concrete fence .
A group of people are assembled on a street .
A boy sitting on sand outside a wood building eating .
A woman is taking a picture of another woman by the Brooklyn Bridge .
Construction workers walk towards their next job .
A man dressed up for a Martial Arts demonstration .
Two girls in shorts and sweaters are running on the beach .
A man is walking through an older archway .
A man is grilling sausages .
An action shot of a drummer in a plaid shirt going to town on a drum kit in front of a hedge .
A woman sitting in a chair showing children a book .
The small white dog jumps in the grass .
Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain .
A young man in a baseball cap and shirt is playing baseball in a park .
PitBull holding a plaid dish towel in its mouth .
A crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign .
A blond woman is playing drums with band members .
A man wearing a blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis .
Two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day .
A dog splashes through the water .
A little blond girl going up a hill .
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree .
A man in a suit gives a presentation to a crowd of people .
An Asian woman wearing a jacket and holding a piece of paper .
A baseball pitcher standing on a mound with the number 35 on his red and white uniform .
An adult woman carrying a pink swim toy and a young girl carrying a Hello Kitty ball .
Three dogs on a grassy hill
Two dogs sit in the shade and lick each other 's face .
Little boy running very fast .
Young girl walking on beach at sunset .
Two older girls hold a younger girl between them indoors .
Woman and two kids walk in the street
A soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
A man and two women are seated outside on a wall next to a sheet of water with a tall white structure in the background .
A man laying on the roof attempting to rebuild it .
A male in a red shirt walks past an escalator .
A man dressed in a vest is holding a binder and walking across the street .
Two men stand strong under the waterfall 's cascade .
A guy is writing on a whiteboard while another student looks on .
A little girl holding a chicken nugget with chopsticks .
Odd looking men dressed in white suite and blue hats standing in formation in the street .
A dog is catching a ball .
A man with face makeup and a red piece of fabric hanging from her mouth is being escorted by a police officer .
Two small children playing football in yellow and black and yellow and blue uniforms .
An old woman sits in a transit station next to a backlit advertisement .
A man without a shirt walking towards a gas station .
A clerk in a convenience store asks a customer buying alcohol for his age and identification .
Hockey player # 44 is skating while holding down his hockey stick .
A man stands holding a string instrument .
Three men playing soccer , their uniforms indicating that one of them is from one team and the other two from the other , are all after the ball .
A softball player 's team watches as she swings at a pitch .
Dog in folding red tunnel on grass .
A girl is in midair while doing an elaborate trick on a skateboard .
White player attempts to get ball from black player on basketball court .
A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock .
A person with a yellow umbrella squats alone on a beach , looking towards the water .
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field .
A young man and woman demonstrating a difficult , and compromising dance pose .
Cowboys at a rodeo are wrangling the wild horses .
A woman wearing a red poncho is talking on her cellphone while holding her daughter who is wearing a pink dress .
Women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on .
A person in a blue jacket follows two donkeys along a mountain trail .
A toddler pushing a toy lawn mower .
Two people are taking pictures .
A woman is carrying two children in the middle of a large crowd .
Little girl in arm floaties exploring the coast line .
A group of people is dancing at a gathering .
A woman in a blue hijab looks at another woman in a blue hijab as two men in tall brown hats sit on cushions on the floor behind them .
Three women standing in the water beside a beach .
A train station says " tychy miasto "
A snowboarder jumps high over the snowy hill .
A person wearing a red jacket holds a beer while a man in a white shirt follows .
A man standing in a shadowed area wearing a suit jacket , with city buildings behind him .
Several girls in skates are talking to a man .
Woman pointing at a piece of art with glass covering it .
A white-haired man walking dog stopped at a lamp post .
A small dog wearing a collar sits next to a concrete bench .
A man standing on some scaffolding is trying to position a ladder .
People setting up for a band .
A person is riding a bike on a dirt road .
A man in white shirt and jeans leans over with locked legs to paint the top of a building overlooking a gated yard .
Three girls are looking over the side of a stone railing at a river in front of them .
People celebrating a Lakers win on a bright day .
Four shirtless men , hard at work , on a scaffold .
One boy pushes a shopping cart with another smaller boy standing up in it .
Two women dressed in black tank tops and pants lunge and arch backwards over a table covered in white fabric .
A golden haired dog walking through shallow water
A woman is crossing the sidewalk with 3 small girls holding hands .
A row of tables and a bench outside of a restaurant .
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft .
A backlit picture of several people outside with their arms raised towards the sky .
A little girl is squatting next to a body of water while poking a stick into it .
Line of women in white dresses holding red flowers
Three people are running and the one man in the middle is giving a thumbs up .
A man in a yellow shirt is playing slide on an acoustic guitar on a stage with a microphone .
People sitting at green tables while talking and eating at the Farmers Market .
A man in a gray shirt with a beard prepares a recipe .
Many people are packed in a small area .
A woman working on her deck on the weekend .
A boy with long black hair is holding up a flag .
Excited bystanders in London cheer for the road runner .
A bunch of young adults topless on the deck of a beach house .
A resting security guard , in a blue shirt , sitting on a stool .
Two people in purple kiss next to a makeshift tent and campsite .
A man and a woman speak in the doorway by trolley tracks .
A woman pushes a child in a stroller with several people on bikes behind .
two people share a hug .
A man is hanging from a cliff while rock climbing high above .
A small dog chases a tennis ball on pavement .
A group of people laying in the snow .
Two rodeo workers in cowboy hats trying to get a brown and white bull to move out of the way .
A man in a wetsuit surfs waves with the view of a city behind him .
A man is cooking food in a large pot .
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk .
A man on stage playing the electric guitar during a concert .
Two dogs walk through the snow .
A group of Asian people are performing with various musical instruments in a park .
A woman eats on a bench while a brown and white leashed dog stands next to her .
An urban park setting with a young girl in a pink sweater shrug jumping from a low concrete wall onto the ground .
A man and a boy are standing next to a train .
A crowd shouting outside a building waving American flags .
A little boy wearing red jumps into the air .
Two men sitting on a subway are reading , with coats and scarves on , but have seemed to have lost their pants .
A man is pushing a cart with wooden barrels across an empty street .
A woman in a wheelchair follows a young boy at a park .
Three people are sitting on a bus .
A smiling young lady in a halter top and gray pants beckons to someone off-camera .
Two blond women serve themselves from a platter while sitting at a banquet table with glasses of red wine .
Boy and older woman sitting together .
A baseball player raises the bat above his head .
Three people at Asian tattoo parlor .
A dog jumping over a hurdle .
A girl in a silk shirt plays pool
A woman carrying shopping bags .
A man selling flowers , cigarettes , and candy walking down the street .
A guy is skateboarding down a road with a very green forest behind him .
A singer is jumping up in the air while a drummer plays behind her .
Black dog , orange dog and black and white dog , on grass .
A smiling boy with blond-hair and a net on a pole walks away from the tide on a beach strewn with rocks and seaweed .
A large brown and white dog is leaping through the hair .
Several people are standing around under a clear blue sky .
Three men , two wearing white shirts , one wearing blue , sitting in chairs around a table drinking a few beers .
Two teams battle it out for the win !
A young man , in baggy jeans and a white t-shirt is using a hammer on a door frame .
Biker in muddy orange shirt riding blue racing bike
Woman with bike and man with soda being in a park .
A young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background .
Graying white man with glasses , uses blacksmith tools .
Man and woman in badges smile and shake hands while posing for picture .
A boy in a blue shirt is blindfolded and holding a stick .
Two women kissing in a bar .
A group of young men are carrying ladders and wearing tool pouches as they work on a house project .
Happy Asians receive presents during the holidays .
A man in a red cap with a nose ring .
A woman with long black hair wearing a black hat and black top with jean shorts on .
A group of people are gathered in the street .
A team celebrating their victory in a team photo .
Men on the ground looking up at there fellow workmen standing on a scaffold .
Boy holding an icicle pretending it is a gun .
Young girl in blue dress and tiara applying makeup in the mirror .
A red dump truck is dumping a load in front of some buildings while 3 men stand next to the truck .
A baby makes a big mess with cake .
Several children playing on a homemade water slide .
A child climbs up the inside of a red tube in a play structure .
There is a person wearing a blue shirt and headphones operating a record player .
Black heavyset male dressed in brown hood jacket , brown pants and white shirt , playing guitar hero .
A member of an American Indian tribe plays some native music on a wind instrument at a local show .
A group of people standing on a blocked sidewalk .
An elderly woman wearing a green dress is holding a cane and walking along a planked walkway .
Lady with gray hair using cellphone and carrying a shopping bag in front of a boutique .
People walking on a sidewalk in front of a building .
On a snowy day , a child in a red coat touches a dinosaur statue .
Three young boys playing in the woods .
A nighttime scene of a busy brick road in England .
Executive man on a suit waiting .
Two children , one in white and one wearing black and yellow try to get a soccer ball while an umpire watches them .
A man is putting up a wall .
A boy in a black shirt riding his bike with a baby as a little girl stands in the background with her bike .
Women are walking at night under neon lights .
A black dog jumps in a body of water with a stick in his mouth .
A small white and black dog is running through a blue netted course while people watch .
White and Blue Team hockey player # 17 fights Yellow and Blue Team player # 26 for the puck during a game sponsored by Mars and Allianz companies .
Two people stand next to an inflatable obstacle course with hand holds .
Friends pose for a group picture in summer clothing .
A guy does a trick in the air .
A young man in a red shirt , white pants and black baseball cap stands on one leg .
People hanging up a volleyball net .
A blond woman watches a woman in wearing a pink flowery top holding her hand up as they both stand behind a bar .
A woman in a black jacket talking on the phone on a street corner .
A man and girl float on the water in an innertube .
A black dog and tan dog run towards each other on a beach .
a man on the street holding a sign while holding a small tan dog on a lease .
A woman is looking at the ceiling while taking off her hat .
a woman with a pink bag is sitting on a stone ledge with a basket
There are plenty of people in the city shopping .
Two men are standing in uniforms ; one is giving a thumbs-up sign .
A waitress named Kaitlin in a green hooded sweater serves beer .
A man in a red t-shirt and khakis plays the hand drums for a crowd of people .
The woman is wearing an orange dress riding on the ferris wheel .
The boy wearing blue pants is in the midst of a back flip .
A man scaling fish near the body of water .
A group of people are standing in front of a building that has a white door .
A young girl dressed in nice springtime clothes is strolling on a lawn by a man-made creek and pond .
two women are in a boat fishing
A group of men work in a kitchen .
A man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .
A young couple kissing by a bike rake .
A man in short shorts is posing on a large rock .
A boy in a black shirt has thrown a snowball that has left a trail of snow behind it in the air .
The most wonderful Asian food court !
A small boy plays in a plastic blue tunnel toy .
A man in a blue shirt barbecues meat outside .
A Houston baseball player has caught a ball and is now throwing the ball towards another team member .
Someone in an orange vest sits with a blue and yellow device in his hand .
A young woman wearing glasses and a black blouse holds a ladle in one hand , a bowl in the other and a fork in her mouth .
Several men are sitting at a table with beer .
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail .
A man in black shorts stands next to a bicycle , as a young girl in a lavender coat looks on .
A man and a woman play with a child on a large staircase while passersby walk by .
A football player runs with the football passed his defender .
A man with a gray beard in a karate stance with a yellow belt on his waist .
A male dressed in blue is carrying things in both hands .
A group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball .
A scuba diving class taking a picture during class time .
A man lifts up a woman in a pink dress during a dance at a performance .
There are many people shopping at clothing store that sells Carhartt .
A man rest against his bicycle as the sun sets .
A blue insect is flying near the bloom of a flowering plant .
A woman wearing an apron is standing outside of a store talking to a cyclist .
A man is about to help his friend get hammered .
two dogs run across dry ground .
A man in a purple jacket has an expression on his face .
Two people walk past the Bleecker Street Records store .
Four dancers dancing in a swimming pool during a performance .
Two old women making food .
A group of people in evening wear are playing roulette in a casino .
Two Indian children in formal costume happily performing a ritual dance .
A man climbs down a scaffolding .
A man wearing a hat is fishing off of a dock .
A man with a backpack is walking down the sidewalk in front of a red brick building .
A woman is helping a girl draw a symbol in the stones .
Six young people cutting up on a subway .
Firefighter getting ready to fight .
Several people are watching a snowboarder with a blue jacket jump .
Slightly inebriated woman in a maroon apron excitedly stirs a large pot .
A man and a woman are both preparing eggs in a bowl outdoors .
A female in an orange dress and orange pumps , standing among a group of people around a water fountain .
A white female sitting behind a programmes and ice cream stand .
A young boy jumps into the water .
A group of girls in leotards .
A man playing pool on a blue pool table .
A young oriental man naps on a bench with his bookbag behind his head .
A baseball player taking a swing at the plate .
A man with a white guitar plays with another in a striped shirt .
Two boys sitting on a boat in the water .
A woman walks down the sidewalk .
A young girl holding a boogie board at the beach
A man in a striped shirt is looking in the mirror while he shaves .
A man on stage in front of a flag speaking into a microphone to a crowd .
A young woman carrying a small handbag and wearing earmuffs walks on a street .
A woman by a fountain enjoying the sites .
A child wearing a coat looks back at someone .
A trendy young man is talking on his cellphone near a fountain and is wearing red sunglasses and shiny loafers .
Several people are seated in chairs at a restaurant with cups of coffee in saucers and food set in front of them .
A couple getting married watch a long-haired man playing his guitar .
Two women are working at a ice cream parlor .
Two older men are wearing outdoor clothing while using binocular devices .
A man cutting a Woman 's hair .
A child in red and black snow clothing gazing at a snow sculpture .
A man walks along a wooden beam suspended next to a white wall .
Two basketball teams playing against each other , one team is USA .
There is number 12 on this ladies helmet .
Foursome plays a board or card game seated at a table .
A couple being romantic under the sunset .
A man on stage playing guitar .
Two men with backs turned cooking in a commercial kitchen .
Two men are talking , and the third man is talking on the phone and drinking wine .
Six men sit in a field of crops containing wooden crates .
An older man with tattoos and biker regalia lingers a moment on a city street .
A bearded middle-aged man is dressed in a costume with a three-cornered hat and long shirt while holding a rifle across his arm .
A man and woman are pictured from behind sitting close together on a couch while they play Nintendo DS
a young girl standing outside a restaurant at night .
Two teams , one in white uniforms , the other in red , are playing volleyball in front of a crowd .
A woman stands on a sidewalk in front of a picket fence .
A black and gray dog
The three dogs are playing with each other .
A caterer pushes a cart of food across a street .
Men and women cross a busy crosswalk into to a crowd on the other side of the street .
A baby smiles up with sun in his face .
a lady looks surprised .
An elderly man is sitting on a bench with his foot propped up on a tree .
Tourists sit around on the steps of a concrete area .
Female singer singing into a microphone wearing a tan dress and red arm warmers .
A crowd of people are in front of a tent that is closed .
A woman in colorful clothing plays her guitar in the street , next to her guitar case .
A tattoo artist is hard at work .
A woman holding a rope against a river current .
A man in a red shirt is giving a lecture in an auditorium , with two men sitting at a desk at the front of the full room .
Two blond-haired women wear matching clothing and love beer .
A man in glasses and jeans sitting on a doorstep .
A person walks four dogs on leashes in a parking lot .
A man and a woman are talking while waiting at a crosswalk .
Two people wait at an enclosed bus stop on a bench with advertisement present .
A group of people walk through a carnival .
A child at an amusement park with a Disney character .
A street performer entertaining a child .
Two motocross bikers wearing full protective gear , with one in midair after a jump and the other looking down at his motorcycle .
A standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle .
Two women are riding motorized bicycles through a street .
A man writing on a poster .
A man wearing glasses plays a guitar behind a music stand .
The passenger is holding onto the load on top of the car .
A man wearing a white striped search jumps in the grass with the graffiti wall behind him .
The people are waiting in line .
The girl with the long curly hair is directing cars .
a tan dog running through a grassy field with trees in the background
A man points and smiles while carrying items .
A young swimmer sits in a bathing suit and waits for the next race .
A man wearing a shirt that says " money talks " is drinking water while leaning against a Verizon truck .
A man in a red shirt and jeans is dancing with a woman in a blue and white dress in the street .
Two children with hula-hoops .
A woman looks into a telescope while a boy in a cap in the background looks toward the sky .
A black man with long braids standing in front of a street booth .
A building is getting demolished .
A crowd of protesters in the street holding up peace signs an holding signs saying " stop killing in Iran . "
A boy doing a flip on the grass .
A group of employees dressed in blue are gathered in front of a building .
A woman wearing glasses on her head stands in an art gallery .
Man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street .
A brown dog plays with a stick .
rodeo contestant on horse flying american flag
A band plays in front of a crowd at a Euro Jazz concert .
A bald man with a camera smoking .
A construction worker is driving heavy equipment at a work site .
The child in the striped shirt balanced between the wooden railings .
Turbaned man and two police officers stand in front of a white canopy and a pile of garbage bags
In what looks to be a small stage , two men are playing the drums and signing , while those around listen to the music .
A woman juggles in a public place while wearing an angel costume .
A man with a camera and a bookbag walking down a street .
A woman with blond-hair pulled in a ponytail steps out of an orange helicopter .
Small child running through a flock of pigeons .
The man in black has a condom on his head .
A male wearing a blue shirt is holding a cup in hand while staring at the camera .
Young barefoot woman laughs in hammock .
Man in a blue shirt and red shorts running .
One man in red robes and a kilt stands next to another man in green robes who is standing in front of a large tower structure .
A man wearing a green cap , green shirt and khaki pants is cooking over a fire in the forest
Two people are hiding under giant bowls , possibly to avoid the sun .
A man and a woman are embracing while standing against a green Heineken sign .
Blue collar workers at a convention .
A woman is upset and showing a picture of a young girl lying on the ground injured .
A group of preteens walks near a river .
Three people walking on a trail in the middle of the day .
A group of people stand on the sidewalk in front of a Gap store , all of the men are wearing blue shirts .
We pledge allegiance to whatever you want if you only give us a little food .
Two women standing by a door behind another individual seated in a red chair .
A girl is painting a room red with a roller brush .
Two dogs are fighting and playing with each other while running through some grass .
images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing
A group of cheerleaders performing in front of an audience .
The man with the beard is sitting in a bus staring forward .
Black big dog is trying to chew into soft toy .
A man in a baseball uniform on a ball field is running and reaching to catch a ball that is in the air .
People under a tent listening to a man with beard playing a brown guitar .
A tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk .
There is a group of firefighters and they are helping a man covered in a blanket , laying on the ground with a bandage around his head .
A black man stands behind a garbage can with his hand raised in front of a sign urging people to repent of various sins as boy in a school blazer holds the hand of a man in shorts .
A man plays a violin while smiling .
A young boy is kicking a blue , red and white ball .
Two boys watch are watching their own bowling balls roll down their respective lanes , towards the pins at the end of the alley .
This is a mother embracing her child in a daycare facility .
Several stall-shops selling various goods line a dimly-lit cobblestone street .
Two men kayaking in rough waters .
the scientist is experimenting on the chicken eggs
A doctor is taking a woman 's blood pressure .
A woman hails to a ferry in the snow .
one of the guys have his mouth open
A man in a red go-kart sitting in a driveway .
A man and woman who are standing outside in the grass doing a photo shoot .
A older Asian man ironing a white shirt .
A just married couple kissing and holding one another .
A runner is caught running in the middle of a race .
There is a small crowd of people in front of a building near the row of motorcycles .
A black man is on a bridge .
A man and a woman with a red book , both dressed in black .
Two older men present photos and discuss their lives .
A black woman puts a substance in a beaker while a white woman watches .
Old man in swimming pool having fun swimming
A rock climber practices on a rock climbing wall .
A trombonist is at the front of the stage during a concert .
Tattooed couple in green at the grocery checkout .
A construction worker in jeans is standing on a scaffold holding on to a metal frame with a city backdrop .
An older man on a bench taking notes on his surroundings .
A father and son in the water are looking at the water and the boy is looking amazed .
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support .
A young blond man and another young man are playing guitars hooked up to amps .
Number 916 is hoping that he is going to win the race .
Several adults are talking to a group of children .
Cops asking a tow truck man some questions .
A child is trying to lay in a hammock with an adult holding onto him by his foot .
Long line of people on a sidewalk near a cruise ship .
Young man wearing an apron cooking in a kitchen .
A dirt biker gets some air over a jump .
A soldier is looking at binoculars into the mountainous landscape .
Skier jumps high in front of trees in snowy winter landscape .
Bald woman wearing glasses reads to four men and one woman .
A quartet of saxophonists performing for a small audience .
The batter swings and strikes out .
Two men competing in martial arts .
A crowd is gathering in a town square .
The man is sitting on the seashore as he watches the sunset .
Tourists examine a sign .
A man and woman looking at their reflections in a window .
A mountain biker in midair biking while surrounded by grass and trees .
A group of young adults are hanging out in a bowling alley .
young man wearing blue jean shorts and a tank top balancing on his hand with his body in the air in the street while performing for bystanders .
A little girl is sliding down a purple slide .
People picking out vegetables outside .
A young Asian boy is text messaging on his phone .
A woman in a red T-shirt is preparing an Icee .
Three people walking through a beautiful meadow towards the ocean .
A woman looking up on a crowded street .
A man in blue jeans putting into a crocodile mouth .
A horse and jockey jumping over a barrier .
A young boy wearing a helmet climbs a wall .
Two white males standing on a scaffold .
A cyclist on a small bike is airborne above a pile of dirt .
A little blond boy in a Winnie the Pool t-shirt holds up a red plastic bat .
A person walks , alone , through a dimly lit area with glass walls .
Two men dressed in white uniforms are playing cricket on a grass field .
Two french poodles romp on a snowy field
Two female hikers hang onto a rock in front of them while looking down into a deep crevice .
One person is sitting on a maroon couch looking out into the street from inside a storefront while another peers out from behind the wall .
This boy is waving around his arms outside .
A young girl is sliding down a snow slope in a red sled .
Two people ride in a orange race car .
People performing with instruments .
A young ( Asian ) woman with shoulder length brown hair is walking down the street wearing a navy blue sweatshirt and white earbuds .
A woman in a white robe sits on a bathroom counter in front of a mirror , applying eye makeup .
an older woman is walking down the sidewalk in a blue jumpsuit while carrying a basket of bananas .
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it .
A woman admiring colorful christmas ornaments .
A person on a bmx bike .
The dog is jumping with a ball in his mouth .
As the blue sky is dappled with white , fluffy clouds , two people are standing together near a seating area with green umbrellas .
The man in the blue jacket is walking in a crowd of people past an English pub .
Two men play a game of chess in the park while two others eagerly await their chance
A man riding a dirt bike takes a turn on a large dirt covered course .
A teen holding an unknown object for photographers .
A curly-haired man in a blue t-shirt is fixing his red bicycle , which is upside down on the sidewalk , with a friend wearing a black watch .
A little boy looks at his reflection in a burnished marble wall .
performers are performing for an audience .
a man walks his dog near the ocean .
a man on stage , singing with a happy look on his face .
A man is sitting on a park bench looking at the water .
a young boy tapped in a shopping cart .
a dog shakes dry .
An old woman comforting a little child and making sure she is warm .
Two men in black suits stand on stage next to microphones .
Two men on the sidewalk , one is walking and wearing a backpack , the other man is wearing a hat and an orange shirt and is pushing a cart .
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud .
A biker does a trick on a ramp .
Spectators watch as a snowboarder does a trick .
Kids are on a amusement ride .
A parachuter is jumping out of a plane towards an airstrip below .
A woman dressed in light green and playing tennis .
A woman building herself a sand castle .
Four men dressed in bondage gear are on a float in a gay pride parade .
Asian couple walking down street
soccer player jumping to head ball while other players look on .
A woman in a blue jacket is walking next to a poster of two green figures that look like men .
A man with a blue shirt is working on building a roof .
A man is stocking shelves while people are eating in a restaurant .
Loving the flute and a sunny relaxing day .
Attractive woman in comely business attire walks the urban streets .
Two women are sitting on a park bench
A car is racing through the dirt , kicking up dust .
A guy plays his guitar wearing his sunglasses .
A man is hiking on a path , surrounded by trees , wearing a hat and carrying a water bottle .
A person stunt riding on a BMX type of bicycle .
A boy holds an orange , green , and white flag while running through a field of grass .
A little boy and a woman are looking out the window of a train .
2 men in army fatigues playing baseball in the middle of a dirt field in the middle of the day .
The man in the blue shirt is talking to a street vendor .
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street .
A man in jeans and a blue striped shirt on a court , looking up , with his hands above his head .
Man on a dirt bike
Two children walking down a forest path .
Woman coming out from a building in an Asian city .
Man putting up a tile in the ground .
A woman pushing a baby carriage in front of some buildings .
A person wearing Rollerblades slides down a handrail .
Two teenagers holding up a Mike Huckabee sign on a grassy medium on a six lane road .
Middle school aged kids are showing their school spirit at a pep rally .
African man holding son in a sling .
A man is kissing a small baby .
A female baseball player wearing a blue shirt slides into base , while another player in a white shirt wearing a catcher 's mitt jumps .
A boy in a red shirt with a red heart shaved into his bleached hair talks on a cellphone .
An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building .
A woman on the subway , leaning over with her head on her knee taking a nap .
Two men and a woman swimming in a large body of water with a golden Labrador retriever .
A woman in brightly colored pants and a hat is walking by the corner of a building .
A blond woman walks through shoulder-high pink tulips , in front of a green field with a small house and trees in the distance .
On a sunny day , the sidewalk is crowded with people in the shopping district of this mountainous town .
A man wearing a Gas mask attempts a flying kick toward another man wearing a mask and red shirt in a martial arts stance .
A young boy uses a water gun as a young girl watches
A man in a white outfit with a red belt performs an acrobatic move in front of a group of people who encircle him .
Three women wearing black vests and gray shirts are talking outside of a building .
Four girls in orange shirts play jump rope together , while other girls do the same in other groups behind them .
Blond young boy rides a zip line in the woods .
A black and white dog with a blue toy in its mouth runs on a grassy surface just beyond a fence .
A group of 4 people are walking along a path .
A car is parked in a graffiti filled street .
A young man is putting something in his mouth .
Two men riding bikes , one is in the air with a silver helmet , the other has a white helmet .
Small boy in blue striped shirt coming down large slide .
A windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board .
A woman sits on a milk crate embroidering dresses for sale on the street .
a little girl , by a fence , looks like she is talking on a cellphone .
Two young men hauling a large pile of debris .
An elderly couple set out their goods for sale .
A man walking down the street .
A young man plays a didgeridoo in an orchestra .
A birds eye few of early risers on a beach .
Male long jumper in the sand at a meet .
Men wearing yellow coats working on a the sidewalk .
A soccer game occurring at sunset .
Three people wearing orange safety vests are jumping into a body of water .
Several men and one woman are dressed in orange with white hard hats .
A father is spending time with his kids .
Brown and white dog yawning .
People climb up and down a long outdoor flight of stairs going up to a mountain .
A group of smiling young boys , some with their shirts tied up , are standing on a sidewalk with a few adults .
A person wearing snowshoes and winter clothing lying in the snow .
A candid photo of a boy wearing a striped shirt with people in background .
A young boy in a red " U.S.A. " t-shirt plays with a toy circuit board kit .
The boxer counters his opponent with a left hook .
A woman in a black shirt with a white vest is walking down the street in a city .
a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip .
A boy skateboards up a concrete ramp .
Man at party receiving beer pillow gift .
The woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .
Hispanic people shop in an outdoor market .
Boy in blue shorts attacks boy in white shorts with a flying jump kick .
A man in jeans , a white t-shirt and jeans and a woman wearing a blue top and jeans dance together on a street at a fair .
Man in a yellow reflector suit collecting trash as people wait at a bus stop across the street .
A family is enjoying a sunny day , while laying on the green grass .
A man in an orange shirt holding a french fry with chopsticks .
People buying and selling fresh fish by the beach .
Two girls who are playing dress-up hamming it up for the camera .
A person in safety orange clothing is lying atop an open manhole .
People are buying coffee out of the back of a yellow truck .
A boy signals with his hands while he walks a white dog with a pink leash .
A child is raking leaves outside .
A man on a motorized bike rides across a dirt road .
A man wakeboards in the water .
A man and his two dogs play fetch .
Two people ride in a bumper car .
A young boy wearing blue swim trunks on the beach walking into the water .
A train conductor holding a bag .
Two kids are playing in the park .
A woman and a horse are jumping over a miniature building .
A motorcyclist in black and yellow is ahead of another , who is in blue and white .
a man walks through an arcade .
A man wearing military clothing and carrying a rifle standing in alley and looking a phone
A few groups of people are walking down stairs .
Two people wearing backpacks cross a rickety chain bridge , which is above a flowing river .
Children are playing in green water .
Man standing by the side of an over flowing garbage bin , with random items scattered around the bin .
woman wearing a yellow shirt holding hands with a man wearing a black shirt .
Two dogs are laying in the snow with their mouths open .
A little boy is running on the beach barefoot .
A man wearing green and black is jumping through the air holding a ball .
A boy sits between two girls on a swing .
A crowd of people talking and walking around .
A blond child is sitting on a swing .
Two basketball players in black and white outfits are standing on a basketball court , talking .
Two children are playing baseball
A white cow is laying on a sidewalk and a lady in blue is walking down from it .
A lady with a red purse is leaving the store .
A baby peeking out from inside her cot
Small Asian children getting ready for a sports game .
Young women wearing a pink coat .
Two men are dressed in white shirts , blue neckties , and suspenders .
A small Asian boy is kissing the forehead of an Asian man .
The people are sitting at tables under the pergola .
A bunch of people in gear to keep you warm are outside in the snow .
A man looks at the night sky through a telescope .
Two dogs running fast in the grass .
A person kayaking on a sunny day .
Teenage boys in the middle of making pie with ingredients spread out over the kitchen counter .
A brown and white dog is walking on a woodland path .
Customers buy cut raw fish at the market .
3 boys are at the park raising their hands to the sky .
A man with black glasses plays a black guitar .
An African American man in a brown shirt is singing on a stage .
Two children are eating popcorn in beanbag chairs .
A man waits to get a drink from a flight attendant .
A white dog is running down a rocky beach .
A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool
A young boy holding a toy helmet is about to have some fun .
Boy walks past man in orange overalls who is sweeping garbage from the street .
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket .
A woman texting and walking up a flight of stairs .
A black woman dressed in brown , approaching a woman in a white jacket and yellow hat , in front of a garage door .
man working on roadwork with small road roller to make the road surface nice .
A football player blocks someone from the other team so his teammate can pass the ball down the field .
A couple taking a walk and staring at a mannequin in a doorway .
People on a beach enjoying the sunset .
a whole lot of people are on camels .
A rider in a yellow suits drives his dirt bike through the dirt .
People examine books in a library .
Someone is doing a handstand on the top of an outdoor sculpture .
A man wearing a black shirt is DJing at a turntable .
The cameraman is squatting among the rocks with his viewfinder to his eye .
A woman is sitting on a wooden chair .
A man in dress clothes looking up .
An impoverished person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water .
A crowd of people are walking along the train tracks on dirt .
One man holds another man 's head down and prepares to punch him in the face .
A woman figure skater in a blue costume holds her leg in the air by the blade of her skate .
A skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope .
A boy in a blue baseball cap walking through a stone wall walkway .
Two girls sit on the edge of a river .
A man gestures while facing a woman wearing glasses as they sit inside a restaurant that includes a yellow wall .
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cellphone at her ear .
A skier traveling downhill in deep snow .
Little kids playing soccer
A man in a black vest tries to open the window of a white and yellow van .
A man in a suit is shaking someone 's hand while two other gentlemen watch .
Man riding a unbroken horse or bronco .
People are watching the wrestler fall .
Two girls and one in a white tank top writing on white paper or cloth .
Kids participate in a potato sack race .
A young woman fillets fish at a fish market .
The couple is out to eat and having a good time .
A teenager girl holds a toddler with a pacifier .
People surrounded by trinkets set out in a booth fashion .
A little boy smiles as he stands in a large inflatable toy .
A young boy is in pursuit of the ball during a football match .
A man in a green shirt is standing beside a car on the street .
A man in black and a man wearing makeup perform together .
A man in a black and white jersey is leaping to get a ball from a player in a blue and yellow jersey .
Street performer standing outside of a clothing store .
Asian children play tambourine .
Two women stand together holding a pot and a pan of food .
A man in a white shirt and gray pants is working in an outdoor clothing store .
A man is looking at some produce for sale on the street .
A cart has been overloaded , lifting the animal attached .
A small dog jumping over an obstacle .
An overhead view of two men working on a construction site of a building .
A black and white dog holds the handle of a large red round toy in a field
Person standing upon a log in the forest .
Cowboys work on their trailer at sundown .
A man and his dog walk on the ice of a frozen pond .
A man stands with two children in a wooded area looking at something in the distance .
A baseball player getting tagged out while sliding for home during a game .
A man in a blue shirt and a turban sits next to a hookah while holding the pipe next to his mouth .
Man dressed as a judge pretending to hang another man on top of a truck .
Many people out on the street on a clear day riding bikes and walking .
A black dog jumping from a dock into water .
Two men in red robes performing martial arts .
People are walking across a school campus .
A dog is on a leash held by a woman in white shoes .
An uniformed man leaned out of a side pilot 's window of a large American Airline aircraft to wash the cockpit 's window .
A skier swishing down a mountain trail .
A man wearing all white with gold stripes holding a golden torching waving at the crowd .
A man is standing in front of a party , with several children and party decorations ( including balloons ) also in the shot .
A child holding a white , plastic spoon .
The football player in white is defending against the player in red who is running with the ball .
Star Wars enthusiasts are wearing costumes on a city street .
A couple is walking down the street and passing many bicycles parked outside of a store .
An ambulance parked on the side of a road with its lights on .
Everyone in this picture is working on a computer .
A little boy wearing a plaid shirt and khaki pants is crouching on the ground with his hands on a skateboard .
A group of guys on a pontoon boat out on the lake .
A man and a woman are dressed in vibrant orange outfits .
A bicycler is riding a bike at a racing event .
The basketball player wearing the white outfit and orange sneakers is doing a lay up .
A girl in black is sitting on the ledge of a balcony , and she is speaking with a group of chefs .
A little girl is wearing USA flag cap .
A man preparing dinner with a female companion .
Indians having a gathering with coats and food and drinks .
A man in an orange shirt and floppy white hat smugly regards the camera next to a female mannequin in a warehouse setting .
A baby boy is sitting in the baby swing at a park .
The boy is wearing blue sunglasses and jumping by a yellow rail .
A female athlete is running after exiting a swimming pool .
a motorcycle racer in a blue and pink suit getting ready to race .
Three girls talking in a lobby .
An umpire of a little league youth baseball game calls a player wearing a red helmet safe at home plate as a n opposing player in a blue shirt tries to tag him out while onlookers watch from behind a fence .
Photographers taking pictures at a wedding .
A group of people stand on wet stairs with two trees behind them .
Two people pose for the camera .
A little boy is kicking a soccer ball .
A Muslim couple is walking through a shopping center .
A little kid in a toy car .
A little Middle Eastern girl doing her homework .
A young boy is playing doctor with a toy stethoscope along with a woman .
Two young children stand in a field and interact with each other .
A man wearing a hiking backpack is leaning on a wooden pole
A man in a black shirt is interacting with a book vendor .
Several people gather outside on a sunny day near white and teal tents .
A woman in a long dress is outside walking with a green laundry basket in her hands in front of a brick building with an " apartment for rent " sign .
A foreign man is preparing an ethnic dish .
A soccer player kicks around a yellow soccer ball .
A young woman vibrantly frolicking on the coast in San Francisco .
Female black belt martial artists performs outside on a gray day with weapon on a mat while spectators and other martial artists including 3 children look on .
Men in black hats are standing in a crowd of people .
Two people hugging on the street .
A rock band playing on stage with the lead guitarist wearing white striped pants and the lead singer in a black shirt and jeans with the bass player in the background .
A person with blond-hair stands on their head while two other people , also standing on their heads , are in the background .
A religious message is displayed on a sign in public .
performers on stage supporting log poles and dancing .
A woman smiles as she skis , wearing a white winter hat , a white coat , and a blue hoodie , while snow is in the background .
A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people .
A woman putting jewelry in the window display .
A black and brown dog jumps through the snow .
An older woman wearing a brown shirt gives a presentation .
A man with a mustache talking on a cellphone .
A tennis player , wearing a yellow shirt , jumps to hit the ball to the other player , who is wearing black .
An oriental woman with a white purse walking past a yellow bicycle and a closed shop .
a boy in a white shirt and a black dog looking at another dog in the water
The girl is upside down on a bed
A cheerleading team of young girls performs on an outdoor venue .
There is a man wearing a red shirt and brown shorts jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
Two brightly colored chickens stand outside of a pub .
Three women and one man are outside staring in awe .
A toddler grasping the handle of a tool to stir food in a bowl along with another person whose arms are seen holding the bowl and tool .
Person in red jacket , dark pants , on a snowboard .
A young asian man stands in front of a class .
Two women work on a project outdoors .
One overweight woman helps another up by offering her arm for support .
Asian woman holding young asian girl .
Little boy in a robe sits in a chair posing for the camera .
A lady in a blue shirt and hat dancing with a man in sunglasses .
Two umbrellas with people attached to them waiting for a bus to pass .
Two black females kiss on the cheek outside .
2 older women outside sitting down behind tables of food
A woman in a green tank top with curlers in her hair has makeup applied to her eyes in front of a leopard print backdrop .
A man in a sports uniform is standing in a field looking up at a screen .
A boy is holding a toy car and looking intently at a tree trunk .
A large group of elderly people are sitting around various outdoor tables .
A baseball player running to avoid being tagged out between first and second base .
A metal worker , wearing a leather apron , red gloves , and a face mask , is grinding a weld flat .
Two people heading down the water flow , kayaking .
A man in a striped shirt holding a banana is squatting on a street .
A woman bartender looks up at the camera with a smile while pouring a drink .
Two men sitting in a doorway working on something .
A young woman stands near the road with the red leaves behind her .
A Newlywed man and women sitting by a tree .
A woman in a blue jacket , wearing a blue hat , drinking from a blue cup is sitting in a tent .
A girl skying downhill during her vacation .
An Asian woman in a skimpy top and g-string inspects her appearance while standing behind glass in a room .
A child poses in the snow holding a partially formed piece of snow .
A person with a red hood on with his head in his hand sitting on a bench .
A child in a red jacket playing street hockey guarding a goal .
The woman in the gray trench coat walks in front of the cemetery .
Uniformed children playing soccer
Two men in matching suits are smiling and drinking .
A little girl in a hat climbing a kiddie wall .
A dog next to pine tree biting on a bucket
Small child with black hair standing in car track near sunflowers .
A shallow depth of field candid picture of man in a hat with a shoulder bag .
A group of men standing near the road in front of an advertisement and tram car .
Woman standing around with designer hats on .
A band playing in a dark indoor area .
There are several people standing in the marketplace .
A bunch of football players in blue .
A woman stands near a row of identical red bicycles .
These two roller derby teams are competing for the most points , the blue team is in the lead currently .
Two young men play a board game .
Men dressed in naval whites are saluting a Navy office walking down a red carpet .
A woman in a tan jacket walks down a busy sidewalk .
A group of teens taking a break in the sun .
A skier jumps a snowdrift high in the trees .
A street is filled with Indian people in a market .
A man listening to headphones is standing in front of a wall with American flags on it .
A large crowd is gathered on a street in New York City .
Two cowboys from Latin America or South America riding horses and chasing a bull .
Two people stand near a blue wall with graffiti with the city skyline behind .
A child getting her face painted .
The boy in the yellow shirt is riding a skateboard along a red bar .
A man wearing a tie is talking to two women .
Four people carefully excavate a small patch of farmland using shovels and brushes .
A man holds a hunting call for a woman to test while she leans out of a small boat .
A man with blue eyes and a brown patterned shirt has his hands on the headlight of a car .
a man is at his job working Construction .
defensive player waiting for the snap
A cowboy being thrown off a bucking horse at a rodeo .
A band of young men playing in front of a group of people with their hands raised in a room with colored lights in the background .
Two old women in polka dot dresses sitting on a bench .
Two women , one old , looking at a map .
A guy setting the table for dinner .
Four boys in swimming trunks lean on the cement edge of a pool with their legs in the water .
A man standing by a boat at a dock surrounded by rocky terrain and water and two other boats .
A man painting over graffiti .
A woman in a tight fitting outfit is running .
A dog in the forest .
Young Asian male child either smoking something or its an instrument .
Soldiers march up the street during a parade .
A shirtless man skateboarding against a wall with graffiti on it .
A group of girls in red gowns are in the middle of a musical performance .
Various people sit and lie in the grass under a flowering tree .
Boy wearing jeans aiming bow and arrow toward target on a hay bale .
People are walking down the street in the shadows .
A woman placing fruit in boxes at the fruit stand .
A man in his underwear with two women posing for photographers
A man takes photos on the water 's edge .
A man in a green jacket looking back at a car accident .
A couple sit in each others embrace as they gaze out at the river .
Three people taking a picture of a giant pig .
A female fan dancer wearing a top , a skirt with beats , and carrying a fan in each hand , with a bemused expression on her face as she looks to her left , performs in front of a guitarist and a drummer .
The lady is sitting at the sewing machine working .
A young boy plays in the water with the mountains in the background .
A couple posing for a picture on a tree with jackets on .
A child is laying on the ground next to a stroller .
A woman in pink enjoys her iced tea and appetizer at a restaurant .
Boys splash in the muddy puddle in the grass .
Two black guys , with hoes , are working a field , preparing it for farming or gardening .
A smiling young woman is shown from the shoulders up with her long hair blowing in the wind .
a brown dog jumping in a stoney brook .
balding man faces computer in his office as he types using microsoft word .
A green-shirted man with a butcher apron uses a knife to carve out the hanging carcass of a cow .
A dog is in field on a very windy day with something in its mouth .
Two older ladies who are sitting on chairs help twin boys play bongos while another lady who sits on a chair plays hers and a young girl sits on a small chair and plays two bongos in a large group of people .
A young blond boy playing in a stream with shoes on and holding a rock .
Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch
The passenger train is arriving .
11 men and women sit around a table eating , while 1 woman bends over in the background .
Two friends get caught up over a beer in a local restaurant .
a construction worker working on a railroad waring an orange shirt
A man in a cowboy hat prepares hotdogs on the street .
A small blond child with a yellow sweatshirt is sitting in a tree .
two Asian girls climbing the jungle gym .
A man in a blue shirt and blue jeans wearing a backpack is crossing a city street .
There is a man and woman holding up their arms and showing their heart tattoos .
Two bakery employees wearing red aprons are preparing food .
Three women sitting and talking in a tiled area under a sign Jane .
A man jumping on a skiing board .
A man and child riding on a red motorcycle .
A couple is practicing boxing .
Street artist is holding a crystal ball , while an amazed viewer looks on .
An Arabic man walking his three camel 's through the desert .
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot .
a Hispanic man on a train talks on the phone while looking out the window .
A man in a tan hat is sitting next to green shrubbery and looking out over water .
A lady sits on a porch swing in the yard while a girl sits on the ground by her .
A woman with a red purse is looking out from a stone deck over the ocean .
A child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike .
In this photo , a horse is jumping over a hurdle .
A man in a dark floral shirt and black jeans walks buy a brightly colored wall painted with a woman with bright green eyes .
An old man and woman stand in front of a shop .
An old man adjusts his camera .
A young woman in black pants is standing beside her bike and taking a photograph .
An older metal worker is sanding down a piece of sheet metal in a workshop .
Two children playing around farm animals .
A dog jumping in the air to retrieve a stick from a man .
Workers fixing a paved road .
A girl with a blue tank top and brown jacket digging in her purse .
A person is climbing a cliff wall , over a rocky shore , using a rope .
A dirt biker is riding through deep sand and dirt .
A security officer with a tiny face and big glasses leans on a metal gate looking into the camera .
A man wearing work boots and a helmet is driving his motorcycle .
Two men are walking down the street going in opposite directions .
A man in a kayak on a diving board over a pool of water .
Girl jumping on the beach with water in the background .
A lady with red-hair prepares some food .
A man in pajamas is looking up at the ceiling .
Two men wearing orange vests and standing next to orange cones .
Two people cooking on a sunny day for others .
A young boy and girl sit in a wagon eating corndogs .
A woman smiles and laughs as she appears interested in her conversation .
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .
The kids are running a relay race .
A group of people in white jackets are walking in a town street .
A man walks on a low tightrope under a tree .
Two people are skiing in the snowy mountains .
An extreme bicyclist hangs in the air with the sky in the background .
A man is walking by a complex with various colors .
Many woman on laying on bellies on floor holding hands .
A young child riding on a plastic yellow car
A young boy throwing rocks into the water .
A black bird flies while carrying a small tree branch in its beak .
Two girls stand outdoors and talk to one another .
A female swimmer is practicing her stroke in a pool .
A group plays tennis together on the court .
A man stands and reads something by a railing overlooking a town .
The guys are playing a sport .
A young blond child holding an airplane .
A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee , making color ripples along the surface .
A group of teenagers in formal wear mingle and look at each other .
A young boy with no shirt and white shorts .
A young boy gets ready to swing his baseball bat .
A woman with long brown hair , sunglasses , white shirt , scarf and jeans with a bag on her right shoulder walking down a sidewalk .
Several people watch a female rock band performing on a stage full of yellow banners .
A man wearing a blue cap holds a rifle .
A man and a woman sit on a beach , far from the water .
A dark-haired woman is standing in a room with unusually-shaped , colorful lamps with her arm stretched out .
Three women holding bags talking to each other .
Old man wearing a red shirt sitting on a green bench .
A man wearing a cowboy hat and holding tongs tends to his campfire meal .
Several different people sit underneath umbrellas , talking and drinking .
A man in a brown suit , seen from above , stands with his hands clasped behind his back
A little kid is soaking wet , posing in the street , while a couple walks behind him in front of a red building .
A woman is carving an animal .
A young male figure plays guitar in front of a drummer , while an audience crowds nearby .
A man in a green hat is bent over his DJ equipment plugging in a microphone
A man in blue goggles is in the swimming pool .
A man in white swimming trunks rides a wind sail .
A girl in a red jacket is hula-hooping on a wet street .
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .
A man is riding a bike down a dirt trail .
Two women , one in a dark colored clothing and one in light colored clothing , rides a water slide .
A closeup of a little girl laughing .
Woman in lab coat working .
Two hikers with backpacks crossing a snow field .
A basketball player wearing white dribbles the ball , while being guarded by another player in a black uniform .
Two men are sitting in a room with their art supplies and are talking .
A cement truck is parked on the side of a road by a construction site .
Two men sit at a diner , one reading a newspaper , the other smoking a cigarette .
A man in a hard hat and orange safety vest stands near a wall holding a tray while a man in a blue hard hat watches .
Two people walk down the street , seen from a alleyway .
A man rides a bike through an intersection in a low-traffic area of a city near a store called Swatch while the traffic light is red .
A man wearing a black jacket plays on his smartphone , while the little girl next to him wearing a scarf and blue jacket reads a book .
The band has a heated disagreement .
Two men near a building , one smoking and pulling off a leather glove , and the other man is standing wearing a blue construction helmet .
A man in a long gray lab coat is standing on a piece of screen while another man cuts it .
A young child is standing in front of some trees .
A dark-skinned man with a plaid shirt is standing by a cart with grains and produce .
one man wearing a gray shirt and a backpack with snowy mountains in the backgroud
A man wearing a dark suit looks down as another person dressed in black and white does the same .
A man wearing orange swim trunks in jumping from a high rock into the water .
A group of people is gathered in front of fountains while a couple wearing leather outfits are in an embrace .
A woman with red-hair talks on her cellphone while sitting down .
A man in black sleeps in front of a door .
The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail .
A brunette woman is sitting in a blue folding chair and reading at the beach .
A few girls dancing and having fun .
A musician is seated pointing to lyrics as he looks upward and outward with a puzzled look on his face while others are sitting in the background .
A young boy with his tongue hanging out playing at the beach .
Two men holding each other hand while walking up the street .
A man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave .
A man carries plastic bags full of balloons , some of the balloons floating over his head , while standing on a place at high altitude .
man with microphone , hair in afro style .
Two woman and a child look at each other while a night party scene goes on behind them .
Two kids , one boy and one girl and in the girls bedroom with dolls playing 'tea party ' .
A woman wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a suitcase that says " Lucky " that is overflowing with cash .
The lady wearing the brown cap is smiling at the baby sitting on the leaves while another little boy who is standing up has some leaves in his hands .
An older man with a " slow " sign smiles at the camera .
A woman getting ready to enter the backseat of a car .
Man in a black bodysuit is surfing in the ocean .
A white dog is swimming in a lake while a bird flies away .
Two women in shadow , sit by a sunny window , talking to one another .
Asian merchant wearing a straw hat .
The boy is jumping into the swimming pool .
A baby touching a woman 's face .
A mother attentively shows her other two children the new baby .
Two women going down a conveyor belt with a cart full of groceries .
A man in an Army uniform is posing for a picture with an plaque .
A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass
A man in a blue hat has his foot on the front bumper of a van .
Two men are sitting on black leather chairs , and one of them is holding up a caffeine free Coca-Cola .
Men in helmets walk down a crowded street at night .
A man in a hard hat is working on the roof of a shrine .
Two dogs fight in the snow .
A rock climber wearing a white helmet .
Two men wearing suits are chatting while one is holding a bottle of water .
A closeup of a man riding his bicycle through the forest .
Row of students taking a quick rest down the steps .
A black homeless male sleeps on a wall .
A group of four girls meets with a group of elderly women .
Traditional native , female dancers presenting a dance for the audience .
A rather large blond dog with a black collar chases a blue and yellow toy .
Child standing on a public bus , looking outside the window .
A group of people are sitting on benches outside a store .
A black man in white clothes walks a blue drink cart down a cobbled street .
an asian male in a white shirt on a subway reading his phone
a group of girls sitting in a circle
Hot air balloons are being prepared for use .
A man in an orange vest is facing away from the camera rising on a bus .
A man standing on the sidewalk by a fence in the snow while smiling and holding a shovel .
a man sits contemplating something while a man sits over his right shoulder drinking a beer
A man is singing into a microphone .
Indigenous women in South America offer their wares for sale at a marketplace .
This man is swinging on the rope swing out over the blue water .
Two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the men behind the merchandise counter .
A woman in checkered knee-highs and jean shorts walks down a city sidewalk street while smoking a cigarette .
A man working at a lathe in a woodworking shop .
A blond-haired child squeezes paint onto a spinning wheel .
A teacher teaches a class of children .
two youth football teams playing a game
A man in a white t-shirt and blue jeans is attempting to sweep a dirty street .
The most people that are in front of us are in a middle of a transaction in a fabric market with prayer mats .
A motorcycle parked on the side of the road .
She shades herself with her little yellow umbrella , as she shows off her fancy long dress .
Three police officers pose with a motorcycle .
A girl stands on a gravel road as the sun sets .
A woman holds an albino ferret in her arm as she walks a dog .
Two girls play with origami .
A young man in glasses plays his guitar on stage .
Two men carrying fishing poles walking along the beach .
An Asian man practices martial arts in a karate outfit , as one hand raises above his head , and another out stretches to the side .
Boy swinging on a swing set .
A man in a woman in formal dress dancing .
There is a man and woman sitting on stone cylinders with other people walking around .
A man eating and holding a baby with a white hat on .
A man in a tuxedo is hula-hooping while bridesmaids and other people watch .
Redheaded women in bathtub with soap bubbles on her face .
A violin player uses an old chair as a music stand
A man in red shorts is about to land in a body of water , he has one hand touching the water .
Two girls are at the table by the candlelight .
A man with a wakeboard is diving over a surface that is not water .
A young boy is using a hammer to spell out something on a thin sheet of metal with engraved bolts .
Someone took a picture of this lady right before she was about to eat her fish .
A man in blue coat , a red plaid shirt , and a sailor hat , sits on a park bench next to a bicycle .
The sunshine is coming down on a young family enjoying company on their patio .
Two girls and one boy with a shovel , digging in a large pile of dirt .
A basketball fan working over the weekend in cubicle land .
Some women in white perform on a stage .
A man and woman stand at the top of cement stairs together .
a man sits in a chair while holding a large pole .
A young man holds a girl as they splash in some water .
A guitar player with a black hat , performing on his knees .
A person dressed as a court jester during a theatrical performance .
a young skier and his mother enjoying a day on the slopes and posing for a picture .
A man in a beige shirt and tan slacks sits in a chair next to a hospital patient wearing a blue gown who is sitting cross-legged on his hospital bed .
A young girl with dark hair and wearing a red shirt plays the clarinet standing next to other young musicians also wearing red shirts .
two workmen are standing near an open manhole cover , ones shining down a light .
People walk down a narrow alleyway between tall brick buildings .
In the snow a person on a board traverses down a concrete wall beside bleachers .
Two ladies wearing pajamas are laying in the floor laughing .
A little kid with blond-hair , a white jacket and blue pants holding a door .
A blacksmith works on an anvil in an aged smith shop .
The man with the black hat is holding the little girl .
Group of men and women waiting for a bus .
two men pulling a long rope .
Men in short-sleeved shirts are gathered around a table in a meat shop .
A girl with a toboggan and sunglasses smiles with her friend in the background as they do crafts .
A clown is blowing bubbles .
One woman watches over a man and a woman who are seated and painting .
A guitar band , which is consisted of 3 guitarists , is performing .
A tan dog swims in a pool while a black and brown dog looks on .
Men are lined up at a race with RUN FOR HAITI signs behind them .
A silhouette of two dogs running by a lake .
A man and woman repelling from a tall building .
A lot of surfers stand out in the ocean with their boards waiting on a wave .
Woman in a black dress standing on a busy street .
Brunette-haired girl wearing a dress is in a swing outside .
A group of orchestra musicians playing in a dim room .
Tour bus lady taking pictures .
a boy in a red hooded top is ice skating on an outdoor ice rink .
Two young blond women wearing summer dresses talk to a young blond man wearing a dress navy uniform , in front of a battleship .
A man in a white shirt Is sitting and listening to music .
A man in a brown suit is talking threw a microphone .
A man in black suspenders fixing an elevator while a person stands above him .
A man in a blue denim shirt sitting on a sidewalk with equipment to repair and shine shoes .
A photograph jumps from a dock beside a lake
Three brown puppies running in the grass .
Three people , two males and one female are happily skipping rocks into a lake .
Men and women are about to get on a bus .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
A little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks .
People are sitting at desks in a library .
A person in a dark wetsuit is surfing .
A group of people in front of a red firetruck .
A child is playing ice hockey
A young , lanky male is capturing the image of a dark-haired woman and a long-haired , young female in a park in a tree-lined grassy strip between a cement walkway and a body of water .
A blue charter bus driving by a woman in a pink hat making food for her shop .
A small toddler wearing a stripe shirts and purple pants runs happily down a sidewalk .
The stadium is filled with spectators viewing a sporting event .
A man and child ride an elephant .
Group of girls wearing black sleeves watches enthusiastically
Smiling man with hat , standing in store reading magazine that says " I 'm Pregnant " on cover .
A young male wearing a red shirt and black pants is performing a dance technique in a terminal station for travelers .
A man is hanging from a pole on the side of a building .
A man in a green shirt positions a sheep for clipping with electric sheers .
A woman walks in front of a wall plastered with advertisements .
A little girl learns about science .
Two people competing in a motocross event using a trike .
A man in a checked shirt is sitting at a table looking back at a group of people behind him .
A Japanese woman cleans a building from a museum .
a white and brown dog is running up a grassy hill .
A couple are waiting near their bags , as some walkers pass .
Capturing the beauty around her , the lady paints a little piece of the world .
A group of people are surfing in the ocean .
A young girl , wearing a purple jacket , is holding a bucket and a mop .
A large group of people getting on a train .
Men in boots teach children to step in line and history lesson .
A man in a Hawaiian print shirt walks behind a woman in a pink shirt down a sidewalk on Allen Street next to a brick wall with graffiti on it .
A old women sewing some clothes .
Two dogs are sitting together in a wheat field .
Costumed people are marching in a parade .
Basketball player wearing a white , number 23 jersey jumps up with the ball while guarded by number 13 on the opposite team .
A smiling man is painting a wall while standing next to an orange ladder .
Two young boys one in a white tank top and the other one in striped shirt in what looks like a landfill dump .
an overhead view of a painter working on a scaffold .
An asian man with a headband and face paint hard at work .
A woman is doing a backwards flip in front of a crowd of other people sitting on the sidewalk .
A display of motorcycles inside of a mall .
A young boy in an orange shirt has wild hair after sliding down a slide .
Two men with ladders are working on a fence .
People are riding bikes next to a blue and green bus .
Volleyball players compete on a sunny day at the beach .
A skateboarder at night on a ramp .
Two black dogs run through a field .
A man in a sedge hat tends to an expansive rice paddy .
A group of school children practice dancing .
A man , in blue , drums on a bongo while outdoors .
A woman in a brownish dress posing for a picture with her arm extended to look as if she is holding something up in the background .
A girls playing guitar in a room near a tall lamp .
The doctors are performing surgery .
A boy with writing on his hand is standing in a store .
An older man wearing a tan coat is riding his bicycle down the street .
A man looking at the back of a computer wires inspecting the job he has done .
The youngster enjoys playing in the sand .
A naked woman with pink hair and tattoos is standing in a crowd in front of a cloth barrier .
A child in overalls tries to climb a chain link fence .
a boy is carrying a paddle whilst walking through the water on a beach .
A gentleman is walking along playing the bagpipes .
Crowd at a park in India waiting for an event to start .
A solitary pedestrian walks through the downtown area .
A young woman in a white top and jeans is holding up a sign along with other people .
A brown dog playing with bubbles .
On the face of a smooth , steep rock , a man who is mountain climbing and who is attached to a blue rope that has been fastened to the rock , is seen from below .
A man is playing guitar in front of a vegetable stand , and he has a red bucket of money on the ground near him .
A construction worker is fixing a large machine .
A woman in a blue shirt folding fabric on a table .
A man holding a chicken while he wears a mischievous grin on his face .
The small dog is playing with a large ball on the grass .
A group of women are eating on a terrace .
Two artists are painting decorative plates .
People crowd a smoky street .
A man wearing a red shirt and the number 71 is pointing .
The man is playing a guitar .
Several young girls are sitting in a minivan .
A person in a yellow jacket is sitting on with their pack next to them .
Two people are communicating while sitting at a bar .
A boy wearing a blue t-shirt is jumping up in the air on a city street .
A blond pony-tailed woman and a gray-haired man converse while seated at a restaurant 's outdoor area .
A man in a blue shirt pets a dog while another watches at the feet of the photographer .
A group of children are talking to an official .
A man in a collared shirt showing a red folder of information .
A group of marathon runners enjoy water at night .
Cedar Park football team quarterback passing the ball .
A man with an orange vest and glasses smiling .
The boy is jumping in the woods .
A black dog is standing outside in the dark of night .
A cowboy gets thrown from a horse during the rodeo competition .
Two men are trying to kick each other .
A small asian boy wearing a black and blue t-shirt is standing on a white staircase .
An old man sits at a bus stop .
A woman stands outside near a dress shop .
A man , woman , and child stand outside looking serious and waiting for something .
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues .
A woman in a bowling alley is standing on both feet while watching her bowling ball roll down the aisle .
People waiting for something in front of a house .
In a Little League baseball game , the batter watches as the ball he has just hit flies off toward right field , with the catcher looking on .
Two tan dogs run in the snow carrying red balls in their mouths .
A band with saxophones and trombones are preparing to play music .
People walk around a mobile puppet theater in a big city .
A man with dark hair and glasses is holding many packages of something .
two elderly men standing in front of a projector pull-down screen .
A boy being fitted in a brown robe by a man in a white shirt and red cap , another man in a light blue shirt is twirling a ball .
a dog jumps to his owner .
Two women in white dresses walk past an advertisement with two golfers on it .
A girl in a pink hat sits on the ground .
A man relaxes in a sauna .
A child hold in some kind of electrical toy .
There are a couple adults taking some younger children out for a walk while they hang on to a green rope .
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
A rugby player is running with the ball as a defender moves to intervene .
A man in a blue shirt and hat is carrying a pile of lumber near a braced wall .
A young blond boy sits in a stroller sucking on his index finger .
A man running on a track .
a little brown dog running through a field of grass
A snowboarder catches some air and sprays up some snow .
The black dog in the field has something in its mouth .
A young girl in a pink shirt walks towards a bird .
A man is going fishing on his boat called ' Melanie ' .
A woman singing into a microphone while a man plays drums in the background .
A teenage boy and girl are sitting on a bench eating a meal .
The crowd , especially the man with the long dark beard and bright blue jacket , cheer .
Two women are competing in a martial arts match where one woman is pinning the other by sitting on her head .
Two men on a couch are using laptop computers in a white room .
A man is sitting outside designing decorative stone works .
Two construction workers operate a machine that steams the street .
Some people are walking up a stairway near the water .
A blond woman , who is sitting outside in the grass , is applying face paint and looking in a mirror .
A man in a jean jacket and jean pants is doing a back flip on a grassy area .
A man wearing an orange cap , white shirt , cargo pants , and hiking boots stands on a rock .
A woman writes on a paper at the desk nearby concrete walls with graffiti and detritus on a table .
A dog stands in water .
People moving out of flooded homes to better dry places .
The boys draw in the sand with sticks .
Dogs racing in a professional dog race
Motorcycle pulls bicycle .
A woman with glasses and wearing a dress sits on a sofa in front of a plant , with her feet propped on a stand , works on her laptop .
The baby is playing with the sweeper .
A black and white dog is running on sand .
A woman wearing a blue skirt , high heels , a white shirt , green jacket and headband is walking out of a tunnel .
A group of people in casual clothing stand along a fence in a city .
A man wearing a gold chain and a number thirteen jersey talks on his cellphone .
A man riding a bike tries to cross a busy street .
A woman is walking two large dogs .
a boy holding a soda can in a waterfall
People setting up the stage for a how
Asian women smile at baby .
a special of the day board at a restaurant .
An older man in a blue shirt is walking down an urban alley .
A small child is cycling away from a large bridge on a cloudy day .
People are enjoying drinks at a table outside a large brick building .
A boy with dreds in his hair and wearing a kilt sitting in a chair .
A woman wearing a dark skirt and a t-shirt is facing a bathroom sink .
A pitcher is getting ready to throw a ball during a baseball game .
Three dogs sniffing each other .
A young man in a plan white t-shirt is playing electric guitar on stage .
Child sliding down an orange and blue slide in the winter .
girl in red and black raising her leg
A group of tourists are riding a caravan of camels on a dirt road .
A man and a little girl are running on a walkway .
Group of tourist posing for a photo .
Three children on diving board , with one jumping off .
A black-and-white dog bounds off the ground , all feet in the air , of a yellow field .
Two men are dressed up as snowmen .
Two dogs greet each other in a snowy grass field .
A blond child is hiding behind a wooden post .
Two women are talking to each other on a street .
Two women pet a baby kangaroo in the park .
A girl wearing a purple shirt and tan shorts is posed in a dance move .
Three people standing at a shoreline holding a big net .
A young girl is getting ready to hit a softball .
A gentleman selling art on the street with a horse drawn carriage behind him .
A young woman with a flower in her hair is at an outdoor event .
A person stands in a train station at dusk , light from the ceiling illuminating the ground but obscuring the figure ; the figures shadow stretches in front of them .
Two female beach volleyball players , facing each other , prepare to strike the ball .
Two girls are astonished at the sight of planes .
A person wearing black with a white helmet is going down a mountainside with water below .
Boy in a green jacket and a girl in red playing video games .
A girl in a dress is walking down the street and the street is full of trees .
A group of men play soccer in the desert .
A jockey in blue rides a horse at a galloping pace .
A little black girl is holding rocks in her hand .
The number five is painted on the steps .
An African women is standing in front of a hut along with what appears to be a makeshift well .
Senior citizen shops for shoes with a sombrero on his head .
A black dog and a brown dog playing in tall weeds .
A little boy in a red t-shirt jumps off of a blue slide at a playground .
Two groups of swimmers wade out .
A cowboy gets kicked off a horse that is bucking
A young person with red-hair and a green shirt peers into his telescope .
a skateboarder jumps into the air .
Three people all wearing jackets , look out over the cliffs and to the ocean .
A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking .
A Muslim woman in glasses , wearing a red shirt and purple burka , stands with her back to the camera , leaning against a wall .
A toddler plays the guitar and pretends to be a rock star .
A young boy is holding a black electric guitar .
A brown dog swims through water outdoors with a tennis ball in its mouth .
Four men sitting in a room watching someone .
Two men stand in shallow water holding the sides of an orange boat .
Competing bicyclists prepare for the start of a race .
A man in a yellow-and-black cycling outfit kneels against a bike , adjusting its mechanism .
A gardener in a blue jumpsuit and pink gloves is kneeling in the bushes .
A female lionist jumping in a green field with a green mountain in the background .
Two young boys playing at an outdoor fountain .
Mother with two children is hanging laundry .
A bunch of people trying to ride down a hill .
A man examines an electronic object .
A man is walking across the street .
A young woman with blue jeans and a black tank top is walking down the sidewalk screaming and clutching her chest .
A woman painting on makeup .
A little boy in yellow and another in blue are walking along a broken brick wall .
A black and brown dog chewing on a stick
People in red hold flaming torches at night .
Four adults examine a head wound .
Two men playing violins with sheep music .
Man in a green t-shirt on a rope line jumping from one rock to another .
An older gentleman in a checkered shirt carrying milk jugs using a yoke .
young students examine a specimen on a dissecting microscope during biology laboratory class .
a child submerges from the water .
Two young men are on a vast , level expanse of grass , and the man in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .
A man is skating on a rail .
A woman with blond-hair is sitting in a room or hallway with her luggage .
Person with red umbrella walks across a wet sidewalk .
Two women voice their opinions at a political rally
a man in a brown jacket standing next to a woman in a red jacket across from the eiffel tower .
Black people dancing in a Boston square .
A flight attendant is pushing a beverage cart through the isles of an airplane .
A group of children climb on a play structure while caretakers watch on .
There are several people who are walking on a sidewalk that in front of a building that is being remodeled .
A man wearing a tan jacket walks into Le Mignon in the afternoon .
A young smiling boy wearing a yellow tank top and holding a large bottle of coke .
A group of people sitting around a table eating a meal .
A child that is doing a handstand in the swimming pool has her legs sticking out of the water .
A man poses as he jumps from rock to rock in a forest .
A man in a green shirt scowls as he stands on a city street .
Six children stand with buckets at a racing dock .
A person out in the snow .
A child is getting their haircut .
A man wearing a green tank top and a white hat singing into a microphone .
A man playing the guitar in a bedroom with a mushroom picture on the wall behind him .
A woman riding a bicycle .
two men are planting a tree
Two men fighting in a MMA match .
A woman wearing glasses and a hat pokes her head through the door of a tent on a snowy day .
Three males are together with two of them wearing blue shirts .
Female track runners take their mark in a crowded stadium at night .
The dog is looking at the water .
A man is doing his speech .
A girl wearing a blue shirt is reading music and playing a large string instrument outdoors .
A person on a dirt bike is in midair making a jump on a dirt track .
A man jumps off the snow using his snowshoes .
Construction workers in orange talking .
A woman sits on the beach with two dogs .
Several men dressed in back jumpsuits sing and play instruments .
A father is playing with his child in the sand .
A young man with no shirt on is wearing black pants and sneakers is jumping over a blue skateboard .
A black greyhound , with a green and white jersey ( # 7 ) is running on a track .
A child in a red short enjoying some arts and crafts .
A man in a sweater poses in his viking helmet while another man in a coat takes a picture with his camera .
A middle eastern town with people .
A gentleman in white with a shoulder bag and hands on his hips waiting next to a man in all black with his hands in his pockets .
A girl going on a ride in a circus that spins around in circles up in the air .
Two women examine the leaves of a plant .
Three musicians perform on their guitars while singing .
Two race cars burn rubber as spectators watch .
A girl wearing a white dress comes through a doorway .
Three people , two in black and one in yellow , are seated on a wooden bench , only their heads and shoulders visible , in front of a sign for a furniture showroom & restaurant .
Racing dogs , wearing jerseys with numbers , run by .
A girl in a black hat wears a bikini at the beach .
Chinese man coming out of blue porta potty .
A man performing a bicycle trick inside in midair .
A surfer rides a wave on a large surfboard .
Six young men , wearing orange robes , walking on the shoulder of a robe with a body of water in the background .
Four kids , two of whom are jumping in the air , are posing for a picture in a classroom .
A woman in a blue shirt walking in a village .
A little girl wearing green , white , and black soccer gear kicks her soccer ball .
A man in a hat and brown shirt rides a bike .
a man wearing a beige collared shirt takes a drink of wine in a fluted glass .
two little girls making some kind of art .
Two young men work over a grill , preparing and serving food on sticks .
Two young girls are cooking and camping .
A man is looking at some food on a stick to buy for himself or someone else .
A young man is doing metal work while sitting on a bench in the street .
Old women resting her leg on her walker .
A gray-haired woman uses a white sewing machine .
very poor people in a foreign country playing a game to entertain themselves with what they have .
Two women are looking at bread in packages on a table .
A small dog plays with a toy on top of a white blanket .
A dog playing in the ocean on the beach .
A woman and small boy are looking at a book .
Two men dance on a stage .
A young guy posing for a picture in the Joao de Souza street .
a woman holding a long handkerchief .
People are sitting down in church wearing turquoise hats as a woman in red sits behind them .
Several people on a bus , one is an unhappy woman .
A woman in blue shirt and pants looks at a meal of chicken , mashed potatoes , and green beans .
a rock climber climbs a rock wall .
A man reads a placard on top of a monitor .
A chihuahua wearing clothes .
A small dog is about to catch a red ball while in the grass .
A brown dog with a harness is chasing after a red ball .
A slender man , shirtless with tattoos , carries his skateboard while making a displeased face .
Children walking up to and looking at a big tree .
A group of people sitting and sleeping outside a building .
A woman in a surgical mask holds a very small baby .
A person laying down on a bench with a blue shirt on .
A boy runs with a very small football down a paved walkway .
A group of children are holding a rope .
A class with many children sitting down listening to the teacher who is wearing a black shirt and blue jeans .
A little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .
A man on a motorbike is driving a man in an orange robe around town .
Man in a tan jacket and jeans bends over with a toy between his legs .
A man and a bucket sit on the edge of a boat made out of wooden logs .
a group of women doing ballet on stage
Two men in white robes standing in front of a crowd of people .
Some pedestrians with multiple shopping bags walk down a paved walkway .
Construction equipment and workers completing a task at night .
Three men playing outside on a flat field .
a group of children sitting on the floor , eating snacks at school
A young female spray paint artist works on a painting .
A group of mountain climbers treks in snowy terrain .
Three people sitting in the sand on a beach .
Three men in a field with model airplanes .
Two girls in pajamas indoors .
A child is mostly hidden in a green shopping bag .
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .
A group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick .
Two men wearing cone hats sit on a wooden bench .
A man with a beer sits alone at a table .
A woman with a tattoo is playing the saxophone .
A monster truck flies through the air in front of an arena filled with onlookers .
Bicycles lined up along a boardwalk .
A man 's pants are falling down as he throws crates into a dumpster .
A man rides an ATV around a track .
An overweight girl looks out the window of a car .
A boy from another country is being photographed by a tourist , and he does n't know what to make of it .
A group of people with colorful flags downtown .
A guy is looking at a girl that has a finger in her mouth .
People in chairs around a table
Surfing the calm waters of a river
A man in light brown hat , gray coat and a blue vest with a scooter built with baskets full of oranges
Four skiers walking up a snow covered hill .
a girl riding a bike down the street .
A child in a yellow shirt runs in a race .
A man in black , on a city sidewalk , plays the accordion .
People conversing at a party outside .
A little girl smiling and holding a small object .
One shirtless kid holding a bird with a forest in the background .
Two dogs are looking at each other .
a white dog is tugging on a black rope
this Gentleman is digging up rocks , or concrete , to make something in it 's place .
A girl in cargo pants and a green shirt jumps in front of a square stone .
Two girls are walking down the street looking at items in the store windows .
A guy is playing his guitar in the backseat of a car .
a group of people sitting on the side of a huge grassy mountain .
A younger boy is at the dentist holding someone 's hand .
An old man with a camera staring at art in a park .
One Hispanic mail sitting on the beach under an umbrella in the sun .
A dog splashes water while on green grass .
The toddler sits in the boat with a life jacket on indoors .
A bicycle rider in neon yellow jacket and black pants , pedals on a sidewalk next to a street with a guard rail .
People using crosswalk on big city street .
A man changing the tire and doing some maintenance on a bus , with someone assisting with the tires .
A young woman is standing behind an information stall at the 2012 London Olympic Games .
Three men on horses , one of them with his legs up in the air is being bucked off his horse .
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him , in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables .
Man in black shirt waiting with luggage .
A group of young adults is crowded into a small indoor space .
A kid is looking through blinds at a truck outside .
A little girl sits on the bottom of a grocery cart holding a bag of potatoes and wearing a winter hat with tassels .
People standing around a city street while a woman cleans the street .
Three people , two men and a woman playing dominoes on a little round wood table .
Some women are playing beach volleyball
A man is sitting outside wearing blue pants .
A child in a blue shirt laying on his side with his mouth open .
A man with red earphones is working on a red and white painted hot rod from Team ACE Racing .
A young woman stands outside in the snow , wearing a jacket and a backpack , standing in snowshoes , while her black dog faces away from the camera .
This woman is sweeping the sidewalk outside of her boutique .
Woman holds up a sign while smiling big .
A couple is dancing in Costa Rican outfits .
A dog plays on the grass .
Many people are watching two men performing in a busy street .
A baby looking at the woman holding it .
A male and female dancer performing in front of a crowd .
A woman with glasses about to take a bite out of a huge cookie .
Two women are sitting down drinking a bottled beverage .
A person dressed as a medieval knight , with a red and yellow shield , is on a horse with a green background .
A model revealing a drawing of a hammer in a briefcase .
Two dogs carry the same stick in their mouths as they walk on the sand .
A man with a white shirt and tattoo sits inside an ice cream stand covered with pictures of delicious treats .
This person is having a fun time .
Dog leaps out .
Three men standing while one plays Guitar Hero and another drinks a beer .
A person in a navy blue costume holds a stick in his left hand .
A bare-chested man launches his skateboard off a ramp .
A man in a bathing suit is lighting coals to start a barbecue .
A girl smiles and a boy looks up at her .
A train is being worked on buy three men .
Two men waiting outside the door on a snowy night .
A girl sitting on top of a crocodile
A brown dog running .
A group of children running down a hill .
A small boy in a swing .
A group of people dressed in swimwear standing outside in a snowy , woodsy location .
A group of dancers with green shirts are all holding hands in a circle , one lady has a white shirt .
A child in a pink coat is standing in the middle of a pile of empty plastic bottles .
A boy holding a racket is standing in the grass .
Uniformed group walks down a street .
A man in a blue shirt and white cap cutting branches .
Young Woman is serving clam dinner .
Young man using a microphone .
A person with a basket on their head walks through a crowd .
Two children are at a table while a third sits in a window above it .
Two men in yellow safety vests and hard hats are working on a piece of heavy machinery .
A furry black and white dog jumps over a bar during an agility test .
A group of five people , four with violins , one with a clarinet , play music .
A teenage boy wearing a blue and white uniform playing a form of Hockey .
Four men tearing off A Roof .
A man with glasses in a brown shirt talking while a man with glasses in a gray shirt listens .
A boy is jumping over a large hole in the ground .
Two people are sleeping on a couch .
People are walking in the street carrying signs and Israel flags .
Man in a black sweater sitting on a mountainside .
A sports player celebrates by spraying champagne outdoors .
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air as it approaches a bend in the track .
The dark-haired children smile at the camera while one of them sticks his tongue out .
A girl is inspecting her Asian kite .
A man is pulling a roast out of an oven .
The black dog and the brown dog appear to be wrestling .
A girl is holding a birthday cake .
a woman points with her left hand wearing navy blue clothes as a man wearing a visor backwards stands looking at her .
Four women dressed in Elizabethan costumes standing at attention
A man sits under an umbrella beside a pond while he works .
Two girls in red and blowing bubbles with gum .
A tall , athletic man leaps upward towards the top of a brick wall .
Two men talk at a crowded beach on a nice day .
Two men walking down the sidewalk where cars are parked .
A young girl rollerblades , while protected by many pads and pillows .
A yellow commuter train is on the tracks with the number 2 in the upper right corner .
A small Asian girl runs into focus down a brick street .
An Asian woman preparing vegetables for the market .
A man in white coveralls and a respirator is polishing a large , curved mirror .
A dancer in full regalia is in the midst of dancing .
a boy and a woman walk into the ocean .
A man is sweeping a tile floor with a broom .
A red stoplight stands in front of the Roosevelt Hotel .
The man is on a computer playing with sound effects .
A female wearing glasses has her head tilted back .
The dog is carrying a toy through the grass .
Two puppies play in the grass
A crane is hoisting someone up next to a building .
A small group of people , mostly children , standing on the beach near ornate white buildings .
Men dressed in black suits are happily jogging on the sidewalk .
A red race car is being driven down a road .
Two dogs , one bigger than the other , are playing tug-of-war .
A man is riding a bucking horse in an event .
A man controlling a horse drawn carriage
A carpenter working in his wood shop .
The man is drinking beer while the other one eats chips .
Two baseball players , numbers 13 and 24 , warming up before a game .
A little boy wearing camouflage pants laying in front of a car .
A child is on top of a sheep inside of an arena while men are around them watching .
A brunette lady wearing glasses and a flowered dress juggles tennis balls on the street .
A march for a cause is happening in a city area .
A man riding on a four wheeler as he leaps through the air with smoke behind him .
A man is moving a cart with goods inside .
A couple in wedding outfits watch the sea from behind a wooden railing .
Four indoor cyclists are racing around a bend .
One person takes a walk with a dog in a tree lined park in the morning in autumn .
A solitary man balanced on scaffolding high above the city .
A young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head .
A young girl in a red shirt swings face down on the swings .
A smiling person wearing a jacket and boots jumps in a big puddle .
A young guy and girl with arms around each other as they enter an establishment .
A large number of workers in brightly-colored safety vests stand around and near a large sinkhole in a brick-paved street .
A group of people gathered in front of a doorway .
A small child with a shaved head is riding a bouncy sea-horse in the park .
A group of young people waiting to cross a street .
Four men with excited faces are jumping down from the top of stairs .
A man in black is riding his bike .
a muzzled greyhound dog running around a track
A guy making a snowboarding move on a slope .
A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park .
A cowboy rides a brown horse in a rodeo with 8 minutes remaining on the clock .
A man with a tattoo wearing a sleeveless tailcoat is balancing a unicycle on his chin in front of a building .
A girl in pink socks jumping with her hands in the air .
A guy wearing a blue shirt is talking in a bar .
A boy standing on a red mat with a person upside down in the background .
A group of men are re-enacting a battle and have a woman as their prisoner .
A man sings into a microphone in front of a green light .
A crowd sits in front of a large stone church with two steeples .
A woman with dark hair holds a vegetable as she stands in front of a table full of vegetables .
A jockey , atop their horse , is in mid jump in an equestrian competition .
Large group of people in a building looking at a large mostly white color ball being rolled .
A little boy feeding a deer from the other side of a fence .
A man is in a boat with two other men paddling the water .
Someone buying groceries at a grocery store .
Four of the same man in the same room .
A baby holding and looking closely at a flip-style cellphone .
A woman in a pink scarf walking down the street .
a woman is throwing arrows at a target
Several cyclists wearing different colors riding bikes on pavement .
A worker makes improvements to a bridge .
A person holding a wooden instrument with detailed carvings .
A kid kicking a large ball while surrounded by other kids .
A man holding himself with one arm i front of a store .
A male and female fire performer , work their craft in front of an audience .
Three men are visiting at a dressy gathering .
Two kids are running and playing in some water .
Adult man in a Black hat and coat playing an accordion by hand outside .
Four hikers are ascending a snow filled mountain topped by steep cliffs .
A woman sitting on a lawn chair .
Three girls playing jump rope outside .
Two people in full attire fencing in a gymnasium with one onlooker from the bleachers in the background .
A woman is walking along the street in front of street art
one little white boy wearing a baby blue shirt and has blond short hair , dark eyes and a little gap between his teeth , with his right arm over his heart and left hand holding his right hand .
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game .
Two little kids are on a production set with seven adults .
Three little kids playing outside .
Many people are sitting and playing on a rocky beach .
tourists on the top level of a tour bus .
Man and woman standing in the desert with a homemade cart .
A white dog jumps into a swimming pool .
A rider is being thrown off a bucking white horse with spectators looking on .
A lady and a guy are sitting down wrapping gifts .
Man in blue shirt holding camera equipment .
Two young boys playing lacrosse run for the lacrosse ball .
a rock climber , climbing an extremely steep rust-colored rock wall , and he is wearing a bright orange hard hat with a light attached to it in the front , sunglasses , and jeans .
A woman in a green shirt is interacting with tomato plants .
A person wearing a red jacket climbs a snowy hill .
A brown dog and a black dog are together in the tall grass .
One young boy is sitting outside on a cool day blowing bubbles .
Many buildings and stores are shown with cars and people on the sidewalk and street .
A couple with a " Longchamp " bag is looking at a digital camera 's LCD viewer .
A female cowgirl riding a horse , at a ranch .
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
Three workers in bright vests are shoveling .
A long-haired dog walks out of the water and licks his nose .
A woman in green holds a young boy in red while she talks to another man at the front door of a home .
A construction worker is working on a support beam on a building .
2 bikers are on a rocky dirt trail and number 3 is in the lead .
A dog runs through the grass .
A soccer game is in progress .
A young kid skiing on a small patch of snow in an otherwise grassy area .
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field .
One lady is standing next to a sun filled building with columns .
A man surfing on a wave , hanging ten .
Man in white shirt tossing Frisbee for black and white dog who has a white Frisbee in its mouth .
A man in a black hat is loading up his gear on the mule .
one gray puddle jumping in the air in front of another tan dog
A band is playing on the sidewalk while people watch .
Three little kids on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .
Two standing dogs and one brown dog lying on its back interact .
A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door .
A small white and tan dog licking up peanut butter .
A dog is lying in the grass with a body of water beside him .
A young woman , wearing a black coat and sitting with a book in her lap , is reading a map , in a laundry mat .
A football player scores a touchdown as the opposing team tackles him .
Two children hugging on a bridge .
A man sits in front of a wall with art pictures on it .
Two young children looking at fresh lobster in the grocery store .
A surfer wearing a black wetsuit and riding a green surfboard in the ocean .
At the rodeo a cowboy rides a horse .
A man carries a trash bag along with his cane .
A man with a cigarette talks to a woman with a cigarette .
A woman wearing a green shirt and a white skirt is standing with her arms crossed .
Four black dogs running over grass .
A bare backed climber is attached to the rock face on a pink safety rope .
A man resting on a street .
There is a grown duck and several baby ducks .
A man providing entertainment on the sidewalk by playing the violin .
Some women with headdresses are dancing .
Two young ladies in a bar drinking wine to a toast .
A man in a blue shirt i climbing a tall building .
A bunch of people are in a van , smiling .
A small tan and white dog and trainer running an obstacle course
Four children , two of whom are dressed all in black standing in the yard of a house with a basket full of what looks like eggs .
A man sits underneath a large and colorful rock formation .
A well built young man standing against a lamp post shirtless .
A guy in a red cap is standing on wooden beams and using a net to pulling something .
A boy with a basketball , leaping for the goal .
A man and a woman standing in front of signs .
A man with a shovel prepares the fire for cooking .
A group of people preparing for a move .
a little baby skateboarding on a small concrete wall
A speaker is giving a speech at a formal event .
A redheaded woman with a crowd in the background .
A person wearing jeans and a red shirt is sleeping on a tan couch .
A blond dog shakes water off next to a lake .
A man in a blue shirt and brown sports coat adjusts something in his hand .
A young , white man looks at a fancy dish in a kitchen .
Three people in hiking gear smile at the camera with mountains and rocks in the background .
A red-clothed snowboarder is performing an aerial trick .
A dog runs through green grass with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A man amusing a woman and girl on leg extensions with a top-hat .
A woman wearing a red dress and head covering is standing outside of a building .
Three people are playing near the ocean as the waves crest near them .
A group of people in business attire talk at a conference .
A guy dressed in blue shirt and shorts leaps over blue tube while children watch in background .
A brown dog runs on the sand carrying a stick .
A person standing in front of a store is taping on a cellphone .
Two people wearing black sit on a bench and look down .
Watch closely as I demonstrate the art of gliding a frisbee .
Many cars parked on a mountain .
A dog leaps by the ocean .
Three people walking down an alley at night .
A brown and white dog running on grass .
A brown dog with its mouth open and ears in the air running on a grassy surface .
A man on a rocky beach , wearing a black bathing suit , staring at the water .
A dog is jumping in the air with flowers in his mouth on a very windy day .
A man pulls two women down a city street in a rickshaw .
Two women and a child in an art gallery , the child is taking a photograph .
One man is trailing behind a black bull while the other stands nearby watching .
A donkey pulling a car with a man on it
Two woman in casual clothing walking around a corner of a building .
Kids are always a pleasure to be around and to smile about .
People on skateboards racing around a track .
a skateboarder is airborne in front of some low brick buildings .
Three dogs running in the water .
A musician in a colorful shirt appears to perform a solo on a slide guitar at an crowded outdoor musical event .
A man runs with a ball in his hand while a man from an opposing team tries to grab it .
Three dogs racing on a grass track wearing different colored jerseys .
Using laptop while attempting to block sunlight with newspaper .
An old man with white hair in a red hat
an older man riding a bike in a city park
A woman in a green suit and a man with a matching green tie hold hands in a crowd .
Two men stand beside a building , digging near the foundation .
A man climbs on a steep structure .
A person with an orange shirt jumping in a trampoline
A boy jumps high above his skateboard near a sign .
A little girl in blue jeans and a multicolored apron is inside , looking at a flower .
A man and a toddler are looking at a green fish in a small pond .
A woman in brown plays a wind instrument on stage with a man in white playing the harmonica and another plays a guitar .
This is a head shot of an Asian woman wearing a bright blue head piece .
a little girl kicks into the air .
Several teens are smoking and drinking at night .
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it .
Children petting an animal , a clown is holding .
Two football players leap into the air as a player on the opposing team moves toward them .
A man on stage talking through a microphone in a black leather jacket .
A baby in a bathtub with a wet hair mohawk .
There is a large crowd of runners .
The black dog gets soaked as it plays in the water .
two cyclist wearing red shirts going over a red hill
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays .
Mountain climbing gear on a mountain
Two men are kneeling and working in the street .
A man and a woman walking next to a river .
A man in a purple outfit milking reindeer with a forest in the background .
A man working at a carnival game is yelling .
two men in formal wear talking next to people moving
People making line to make their purchase in the antique store .
Kids dressed up nicely sit outside .
Four girls are sitting in a hot tub .
The Army also trained their man and also the man best friend .
A man in a red shirt is performing an aerial trick with a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A woman in a gray dress is preparing pineapples .
A man making balloon animals for children .
Young man celebrates during a game of pool at a bar .
Buddhist priest blessing his worshipers .
A woman signs a petition .
A black male uses a metal edge grinder to grind down a metal rod , creating sparks .
A boy is pulling a little boy in a red sled through the snow .
A woman in a red dress is looking out of a window .
Pale people dressed in swimwear mill around a wooden sweat lodge in the middle of a forested area .
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow .
Young girl posing with crowd in the background
Blond woman icing cupcakes at a cupcake sales table .
A balding man with a checkered shirt and khaki pants naps on his recliner with his keys on his lap .
The bald man with the white mustache is wearing a bluetooth earpiece .
A lady walks behind a wheelchair while another lady walks behind her .
A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach .
A girl in a blue leotard does a somersault on a blue gymnastics mat .
Man in hard hat and neon shirt guards an outside eating area .
The football players are wearing red and white , and the crowd is also wearing red and white .
The two men in suits and safety gear are overseeing construction .
Two children in bed sleeping .
Man and child playing on the beach .
One girl is standing on the street , and the other is crouching looking at something on the ground .
Two women are sitting next to a staircase covered in graffiti .
A man stands in front of a large , multicolored , fully inflated bounce house .
two ladies standing in front of a microphone .
Four people , one of whom is dressed like a clown , are sitting on a bench .
Two dogs are playing together .
A blond woman in a pink striped shirt is singing in a microphone .
A person is sitting at a computer working while people wait .
Kids in life vests paddling a raft on water .
A muzzled dog in a race , with four dogs following .
A man sits at a computer with two monitors appearing to work .
Several people are rowing a boat while being cheered on by a person with a drum
The skateboarder is doing a trick at the skate park
Kitchen workers are preparing food in a busy , smokey kitchen .
A musical group performing on a green carpet in front of small televisions .
An older boy chases a laughing younger boy on the grass .
An elderly Asian man and child , who appear to be Tibetan monks , perform a ceremony involving ringing bells .
A man is rescuing another man from a boat .
A man water boarding .
A man in a white t-shirt is holding a snow shovel .
A group of dancers takes their bows .
Man works on top of scaffolding .
A woman plays her guitar .
A group of musician comprised of string players and a percussionist .
A person on a bicycle rides down the city sidewalk at night .
Two girls sitting in the grass wearing hats eat snacks .
There is a group of people standing around including what appears to be a person in a bear costume with the head in their hand .
A man in a blue shirt ballroom-dancing with a woman in a white dress .
A young woman in a black blouse , blue jeans , and sandals is standing behind another young woman who is seated with a red poncho draped around her as the first young lady cuts her hair .
A lady sitting in a chair and a man sitting next to her on the floor in the family room are relaxing .
A middle-aged man with gray hair and dressed in black is smiling at the camera and sitting in front of a music stand while another man sits in the background with his arm resting on a handrail .
a man speaking to a woman in a grocery store as he selects a carton of juice .
A woman crouched by a stroller with a baby in it .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress lays on the floor and cries with her toy beside her .
A young male is playing with a rope tied to a tree .
People cross a busy city street .
A firetruck stops and makes a call at a bridge , where a man and his dogs are running .
A guy in a costume .
A man in a gray shirt , standing outdoors , holds something in his mouth and is passing it to the mouth of another man , who is dressed in a black shirt .
Two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach .
Two men sitting and smoking at a table .
Men working on a building .
A man prepares a safety harness for a boy standing before a rock climbing wall .
A person is at a rodeo trying to dodge getting hit from a horse .
A group of three girls stand talking in front of a photo booth that is covered with graffiti .
Seven people are white water rafting .
A boy regretting playing a board game .
A middle-age couple are in a beautiful open field with rolling hills on a sunny day preparing to Hang Glide .
The woman is standing in a field of colorful tulips .
A man facing away from the camera sitting on an aqua colored stool .
Two girls have a conversation by the harbor .
An infant wearing a blue outfit is crying with their left hand visible .
A brown horse jumps through its paddock .
A young woman in a black shirt appears to be engaged in conversation over her drink .
Three men in collared t-shirts looking at photos in a truck .
People playing in a snow-covered street .
A bird splashing in a puddle
People sit on a bench in a city square with random objects including a lamp and a dressmakers form standing nearby .
A dog plays in water from a sprinkler .
Man in a black shirt talking to a man in a red baseball cap .
Two women , one blond and one brunette , talking .
Some people run through a set of water plumes at dusk .
A large crowd of people talking to each other .
A dirty man with a beard is chiseling Hebrew characters into stone .
A young man is performing a stunt on his BMX bicycle .
A boy speaks to his elder in the orange garb .
Two men and a lady stand listening to a man in a kiosk .
A girl jumps rope on a sidewalk .
A waitperson serving snacks to three women .
A band performs on a stage .
A rock band is performing in front of a crowd .
A boy in a blue shirt standing by a lake shore .
a man with a shoulder bag walking in the desert on sand with footprints behind him and the horizon with many stormy clouds .
A man surfing in the ocean .
A group of young men dressed in formal attire are standing outside of a marble building .
this bearded man looks back in happiness after seeing the graffiti on the wall on the streets of a busy city .
Sphere lamp hung over a large gathering of people at night .
A child is jumping from a swing and is in midair .
Group of girls having a study party .
Two girls have their picture taken from an unusual angle as they sit on a bench between plantings of beautiful flowers .
A running back maneuvers himself into an opening between two lineman as he attempts to run the ball down the football field .
Two men , one old , one young , squatting beside a scooter .
A young man pauses to examine the image on his camera .
A man in a public road workers uniform sprays water .
A man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore .
A young man watches , as three young women talk to another young man , in front of a shop .
people on the subway are reading a book and looking around like they are bored .
Three young people playing cards and laughing .
Woman holds crying baby while walking down the street with children in face paint .
A dog running in the surf .
Cyclist riding his bicycle in a race .
A man on the side of a river trying to put away some wood .
Two drunk friends drink another drink with angry faces .
A woman is walking across the street with 4 children .
A border collie runs by a course with a ball in its mouth .
a woman sitting on a very large rock smiling at the camera with trees in the background .
Two young saxophone players are having a chat while holding their instruments .
Background skiers watch as a helmeted , goggled skier raises one arm in the air as he hangs suspended , mid-jump on a snowy slope .
Overhead view of several people going up and down a staircase .
A young girl rides on a toy bicycle with her mouth open .
People outside in yard with two kids climbing ladder to tree house .
This image is of a crying toddler being held by an older gentleman with a camera as a younger male with long red-hair stands beside them .
A man wearing a sleeveless shirt riding a moped .
Five black men wearing white coat and their heads shaved are working in a laboratory , looking under the microscope .
Two men , one wearing a blue shirt and one wearing a yellow shirt are playing Frisbee in a park .
A father and child are opening presents next to a Christmas tree .
A large bird landing on water .
A man holding an acoustic guitar .
An individual wearing blue latex gloves is compressing foods into juice with the aid of an instrument .
A female child in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laughing as her hair is sticking up .
A woman in a dress is talking on the phone .
The dog runs through the water .
A little boy sits on his father 's shoulders with balloons wearing a red sweatsuit .
A man in a red robe sweeps a large area .
A race car sprays mud as it comes down a dirt track .
Children in Martial arts uniforms stretching out and having fun .
Two tired looking workers leaning on scaffolding .
A little girl in a red flowered dress with a tennis racket .
Snowboarder going over a fence in snow .
A bike rider performs a trick .
A lean white and brown dog makes its way through a patch of snow .
A young girl holds a doll and fabric toy purse as she runs down a sidewalk .
A woman with pink hair square next to her pink dogs to take a picture .
Two girls lean around a tree , laughing .
Several people are riding a roller coaster , two of whom are blond women with small children beside them .
A young boy is pushing an adult male in a wheelchair .
Someone laying on a big tanned sofa outside next to a parking meter
A white dog runs through an obstacle course .
Adult male in red hoodie lecturing a group of children outside .
A construction worker is standing on a crane placing a large arm on top of a stature in progress .
Couple kissing in a rail car and a man with red shirt in the background .
Several girls and one woman are working on a project in front of a table covered with many objects .
A child is wearing jeans and a white sweater .
A man wearing a white uniform cuts a tree in front of a white house .
A man in a black jacket reaching into a blue bucket .
A dog in a harness holds a stick in his mouth while standing in the water .
Guitarist and drummer on stage at a concert .
A man in shorts is sweeping the sidewalk .
A dog on a leash moves towns a young boy on a leash , who is holding a parents hand .
Two skiers attempt tricks while a third poses behind their jump .
Two ladies selling their wares in an open market .
A young man in a cowboy hat and yellow shirt plays guitar in front of an audience .
A female traffic officer directing traffic in a busy city intersection .
A man wearing a gray and black jersey , cleats , and gloves is about to throw a soccer ball down a playing field .
White-haired man looking down a street with pedestrians .
The young boy pedals quickly at a BMX race .
A young lady is hula-hooping with a crowd of onlookers in the middle ground .
A boy traverses a pool in a human-sized hamster ball .
A boy in glasses is wearing a red shirt .
Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall .
A person in a red shirt squats down in the street .
People are engaged in a public pillow fight .
A woman wearing sunglasses and a black shirt is running on the beach .
Man doing a trick on his bike by jumping in the air while he is on it .
A man dressed as Santa clause , with a little girl in his lap .
Several people dressed for cold weather wait on a subway or monorail train-car .
A man wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt hangs from a window pulley up in the air while next to a white building .
a man watching another man do a kissing pose
Two young children are shoveling snow off a sidewalk .
Two men are out in the snow with a snow plow .
Two men one wearing blue and one wearing orange run around the track during a race .
A man wearing a white helmet and green and black jacket is riding on a bright green and yellow motorcycle , as people mill about him .
Two young girls with coats on hugging in the middle of winter .
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne .
A young man is sitting on the grass fixing some kind of a sports net .
A dancer wearing an orange suite shows off her dance skills .
A woman is laying down on the pavement of her campsite .
Three men that look like twins all dressed alike , with gray shirts and brownish grayish hair sit behind a office desk , two are on computers , and one is just sitting .
A man is sitting inside of a mailbox with a phone in his hand .
A man and a woman get married in a wedding ceremony .
Black and white dog running across grass .
A young man is working very hard for his country .
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
the old man sitting at the door
A coach is talking with his team of young players dressed in green jerseys .
Men running a race in the grass around green cones .
A basketball player in white leaps up at the net .
Two women in blue suits sitting on the pavement .
A young girl uses a touch screen computer while an older girl looks on .
Two women carrying a bag walking on sidewalk near a lake
A man in a white and blue striped shirt walks in the sand .
A man wearing a yellow safety vest helps prepare an airplane .
youth floor hockey at school
Two boys run to the entryway of an old building .
A blond woman is leaning against the outside of a door smoking a cigarette .
Three elderly women walking together .
Three people dining while sitting outside at a table under a brown awning that reads Union Market .
A blond woman is wearing yellow spaghetti strap shirt and sunglasses .
A man with earphones in his ears is standing in the middle of a sidewalk .
A large brown horse stands over a small black colt that is kneeling on the sand .
Guy in red shorts jumping up in front of volleyball net
A young boy sliding down an inflatable , is looking off-camera .
A woman is walking her dog across a street .
A family is enjoying a meal together , while their 4 dogs are all enjoying a nap on the floor circling around the table .
An Asian woman is praying with a candle
Two children , a boy and a girl , are playing outside in the rain .
Onlookers watch a group of dancers arms interlocked and synchronized kicks .
A woman trying to create an ice scripture .
An old man in a yellow shirt standing in a doorway .
A man rides down the street past some flowers in pots , while holding a second bike .
A woman in a white blouse is working in a restaurant .
A girl wearing a black shirt and pink pants playing tennis on a tennis court .
Many people , including two women in sunglasses walk down a city street .
Girl in pink soccer outfit throws pink ball .
There is a man lying in the sun next to the ocean .
A little girl wearing boots is running through a puddle of water .
A kid is coming out of a tube slide and is about to hit the sand .
The boy in the green shirt swings with one arm on the silver pole .
A woman ventriloquist is playing with her colorful green and red dragon in a beautiful garden backdrop .
A little girl is looking at some vegetables .
Female Lacrosse players on opposing teams come in contact with each other .
Two men playing electric instruments , in a small dimly lit area watched by one women .
A mother is holding her baby in her lap at a restaurant .
Skier jumping off the edge of a snowy cliff .
A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition .
A person in gray is riding a bike on a brick wall .
Four Eagle Scouts are on stage with camping gear in the background .
Two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains .
A group of bicyclists are crossing a bridge .
Three helmeted bikers examining a bike 's wheel outdoors in the gravel at a recreational area .
A group of young people stand on top of steps .
A woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette .
A man on the phone dressed in hard has standing next to a white van .
A man is sweeping a large blue surface that has " Rock Bowl " written on it .
A man sleeps on a foldout chair on a sidewalk .
Two older ladies are sitting at a bench as a gentleman walks past them from behind .
A boy with green pajamas is opening a present .
A group of people display ribbons won by their dogs .
A horse rider on a brown horse jumping in midair over jump bars .
Two men wearing white cowboy hats .
A man is sitting down pulling down his red long-sleeve sweater .
A male doing a trick in the air on his bike .
Two dogs running through the grass .
Someone looking at a mass of people in the street .
Three children , one with a stuffed kitten , in a field of flowers .
A couple kissing in front of a black Mercedes Benz limousine
Boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon .
A musician is on stage and playing a six-string bass guitar .
These three men are sitting near each other , and are all wearing short-sleeved shirts .
A group of cheerleaders surround a small child .
A girl dressed in white , sitting down , holding flowers .
Men smiling in front of a light .
Two girls are competing against each other in a game of basketball .
three dogs on a beach looking at a red ball in someones hand
Two women in costume , one dressed as a mermaid , the other as a fairy , are handing out brochures .
Some scouts walk through a park .
The brown dog sees a black dog laying in the dry grass .
This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet .
People walking on dirt road with two trucks
Artist putting the finishing touches on wall mirage .
A group of musicians surround a singer wearing all black .
Three men at a table while one looks on holding his martini .
Travelers with lots of luggage standing in the middle of a large , empty city area .
A sledder gets a face full of snow on a slope .
A man shakes his arm at a group of people seated on a bench .
There is a carpenter measuring a board .
A family is hiking across a rocky landscape .
A woman swimming , in choppy waters , training for a triathlon .
A person rides a dirt bike .
a snowboarder jumps off of a ramp in the snowy mountains
A woman shows off the candy she received from a mini candy machine .
Two naked children , one with a mark on his chest .
Asian children fill the inside of a bus , they are wearing orange caps and yellow caps .
Two tourist gaze outside at a serene area .
A group of young adults playing Twister .
A female is bicycling down a street .
Hikers enjoy the scenery in the woods .
A child is posing with a funny by for the camera by the water .
A man and woman hold a discussion near a microscope .
A kid with white shirt and gray shorts and croc shoes is playing with a yo-yo
A woman and child in a strawberry amusement ride .
A man holding a yellow surfboard and wearing white shorts looking at the water at other people
A shirtless man is holding a welding mask and standing next to a large green metal box .
Men under a dome beside a black station wagon .
Two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball .
An orange crane tearing down part of a wall .
A man sits in the window of a train .
A woman laughing as her husband has his arm around her .
Three girls are being loud and going crazy in a restaurant while one girl watches annoyed .
A man yawns at a table with two companions .
Man and women at a gathering or a bar or restaraunt .
young girl playing the drums .
A woman wearing a short skirt , yellow top , and denim jacket stands in front of a brick building covered with worn out signs .
A young man wearing minimal clothing walks along the sidewalk amidst children and other people .
The old man in the brown hat is sitting on the bench .
Mountain climber safely lands in the water .
Two kids with yellow belts are dueling in a martial arts class .
Two young boys play near in the sand near the water on the beach .
A couple are laying on the grass talking on their cellphones .
Eight people are sitting on a long boat on a sunny day .
3 young blond kids in life preservers jump on hay bales .
One guy is trying to make a base and the other is throwing a ball .
A man in a yellow excavator on a construction site .
A man wearing a mustang shirt is getting ready to throw a knife at a competition .
A girl is smiling as a motorcycle with two adults and a child pass by behind here .
A tired businessman takes a quick nap while riding the train .
A black man with a black hat and red glasses studies his hands while sitting next to a white man with his hands folded .
A man standing behind a KitchenAid counter explaining .
a man parachutes into the desert .
A man wearing green with long hair is mixing his drink with a spoon .
The skater rides his board on the pipe .
A man is using tools to make repairs .
Three children wearing face paint pose together .
A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle .
Pedestrians pass by a firetruck and street workers .
A young 5 year old boy puts on his right shoe and begins his day of preschool .
A very young boy is wearing green shorts and socks , is preparing to kick a ball , he is in a field .
This worker is pushing his cart through the busy traffic alone .
A woman is crossing a rope bridge in the trees with other people waiting at one end .
A woman wearing a heart-shaped necklace and a blue shirt is next to a fence .
A blond woman sitting at a desk in a dimly lit room with ladders and metal frame chairs behind her .
A person holding a tray of food in front of two guys .
Three kids perform a skit about camping .
A man making and selling tortillas and pastries .
A bunch of birds flying towards a building with an antenna in the background amid a beautiful sunset .
An older individual crosses the street on what seems to be an overcast day , traffic approaches in the background .
A woman is looking out of a window while cleaning a broken flower pot .
A whole lot of people are about to start a race or organized walk of some sort .
A man in a black shirt and baseball cap is applying filler to a trench in the floor .
Group of people walking down the street by a person sitting on the ground covered with a blanket .
This is a crowd of people on a rainy day with colorful umbrellas .
A woman with a redhead band and tan pants sitting on steps with child .
A boy wearing a red shirt and jeans is doing a flip on his bike .
A little girl wearing a yellow coat , striped scarf , pink rain boots , and carrying a white purse is walking with her Golden Retriever down an icy and puddled road .
A boy swimming in a body of water while smiling .
Two young , blond girls wearing dresses are playing and climbing on an iron fence ; in the background is a red brick wall .
A man is smoking a pipe
A policeman walks away from a gate with a large brown and black dog .
The hockey players move quickly towards the puck .
A group of people in an office having a conversation .
Waves crashing against rocks with seagulls flying over .
Two woman stand on a building ledge and look down on a city .
A woman with a painted face smiling .
Two girls in shorts and T-shirts are laughing while sitting on wooden steps .
A group of people sit shaded from the hot sun .
City working performing maintenance on public transportation .
The two kids are playing at the playground .
four young puppies snuggling together in the middle of a blanket .
Several women with long hair and mini-dresses walk together .
The boy wearing an orange sweater is carrying a book .
Two people walk on a path as the sun casts a shadow towards the camera .
A man wearing a white shirt is wearing an at&t headphone at a game .
A child wearing a gray sweater holds a crab and looks at it .
A laughing young girl in a green and pink shirt sits in her bed with toys and a blue blanket around her .
Two men cleaning a kitchen with soap .
A person in a hat is skateboarding and there is graffiti behind them .
Five young children all wearing heavy clothes are sitting together on the sidewalk .
A fireman is lifting up a red item designed to block off an area .
A couple sits under an umbrella at the beach .
A baby is holding a small black flag with a moon and a star on it .
In a street performance a Teen flips over another boy .
Two girls are swinging together on a tire swing .
A man with a crutch lying on the ground .
A person with a red backpack squatting at the end of a dock .
Bearded man with sunglasses in the mountains .
The man threw the filled trash bags from the plane down to the tarmac below .
An Indian man transports three containers on his bicycle .
Two people are on top of a cannon .
Five little girls , all the same age and dressed the same , playing in a room together .
Two men are in a small boat and spraying water at something .
A band playing musical instruments .
Three girls showing off their new pink baseball gloves and baseballs .
A boy in an innertube in the pool splashing and smiling .
Having fallen on his upper back , a football player wearing a black jersey and white pants with an orange and black stripe , flanked by two players in white jerseys , clasps a football .
A dark-haired man looks across a driveway .
A small dog runs through an obstacle course .
One martial arts black belt delivers a kick to another in front of an audience .
A young adult is painting an advertisement on the side of a building .
A man and a woman in white shirts and dark glasses smiling .
A young boy and a toddler walking through uncut grass .
Four speed skaters representing different countries are racing across ice in front of camera people .
Man teeing off on a golf course with a large building in the background .
Two dogs chasing each other in the grass
A bunch of people are walking in a crowded area .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a dark blue shirt talking .
A man is smoking a cigarette and holding a honeycomb .
A young boy stands and watches a British guardsman .
The man is giving the child a ride on his dog sled .
Three men talking on the sidewalk in the city at night .
A man in a dark colored shirt holds up a unique light .
Someone is sitting with a cat on their lap , wearing a fuzzy cap , sunglasses , white shirt , lighting a cigarette .
Asian man in white tank top eating by a large Asian political tapestry .
A boy is jumping from a body board into the ocean .
A closeup of a woman with short red-hair .
A group of men in orange safety jackets inspect the engine of some sort of tram .
A boy in a swimming suit is diving into a pool .
Woman sitting on a turquoise bench with a pillow and a bag near a restaurant .
A flautist in a black shirt and green army hat plays on stage .
A man in a pink shirt playing guitar .
The four guys are being shown an iron board .
A man is standing wearing cargo pants , an orange hard hat , and yellow safety vest .
The dog is carrying a whiffle ball outside
Four dancers wearing colorful outfits are practicing a routine .
Four children are playing on a hill of sand .
Young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background
People at a carnival taking part in a shooting contest .
A woman looks in the window of a building .
A woman in tight jeans and a long-sleeved top in front of a line of yellow flowers and a slightly cloudy skyline .
A man playing a large stringed instrument on the street .
One Marine flips another one down .
A wet German Shepherd dog is running out of the ocean with a ball in its mouth .
Singer and guitarist performing .
Four people wearing pants have all jumped up , as the sun goes down .
Band members on a stage and playing guitars jump in the air to entertain a crowd of fans .
A crying child and people walking in a park .
Two teams in rollerskates play hockey with a ball .
A woman is pushing a cart full of food down the street .
A bearded man with gray hair speaks at a microphone .
A group of ladies stands outside a station with their luggage .
Three rugby players all trying to catch a ball .
two men dancing on a checkerboard in front of a crowd
A person in a red vest walks past a shuttered entrance way with a Fanta ad in the background and the word ' sex ' spray printed on some sheet metal fencing in the foreground .
Two young girls riding their bicycles and a man in a pink shirt walking down the street nearby .
A woman with a tissue in her hand .
A shirtless man is standing next to two children balancing on a swing .
A small child is learning about electricity with wires .
A small blond child wearing a red jacket climbs on a playground .
This young man is wearing a black cap and gown , and he is holding onto his cap .
Woman in orange jacket is sitting crossed legged on a bench while woman in blue is leaning against the glass .
Three individuals , two men and one woman , on a stage in front of a crowd .
A brown horse is standing behind a girl and is sniffing her hair .
A guy and a girl talking on cement stairs outside near the bushes .
A street performer in a white shirt and blue jeans draws in a crowd .
A group of adults riding exercise bikes in a room with a long mirror .
A group of children are petting a white dog on the grass .
A black man operates an orange crane .
A woman wearing a helmet , tall boots , and short shorts walks down the street .
Bride getting her makeup done while bridesmaids watch .
A woman in a yellow pantsuit heads to the down escalator in a building with large windows .
A boy trying to move another boy out the way of a billy goat about to butt him .
Two girls drawing sailboats with chalk on the side of concrete .
A man is on the roof of a building while he paints the outside window trim .
A blond woman pours wine for people while they watch tv .
A group of people stand in front of a small gate .
A batter swings while the catcher and umpire look on .
Children are reading and working on schoolwork in a library setting .
A man on his hands and knees outside in the grass .
People dining at a cafe .
Two men handing out free bibles to people
A child wearing a white shirt is walking through the green grass .
A person jumping a 4-wheel off road vehicle .
A man wearing a kilt leans against a poll holding a large wrapped item .
A group of people , some with laptops , sit at several small tables with coffee mugs on them .
A group of people playing polo .
Two men play electric guitars .
A boxer lands a right hook .
Many people wearing silver leotards are riding bikes on the street .
The 55th Monterrey Jazz Festival playing music .
A man in a purple shirt standing in the water looking into the water .
A worker wearing gloves is bending over and working .
A child is splashing in a children 's pool while other children are playing in the background
A young girl in a blue and white cheerleading costume holds her right arm up while her other hand is on her hip .
Two women out at night in the city .
A man stands near a crowd holding a protest sign .
A little girl is shoveling snow .
A group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong .
People are gathered in a park .
A little boy bowls in a carpeted hallway .
A doctor is wearing a t-shirt saying " smile " under his lab coat upon smiling .
Ball players with white on in a field playing a game .
A performer in purple outfit clapping his hands .
A female artist in a short black dress with a partially open back , performing on stage with a band , the guitarist on stage to the right of her , in front of a large audience .
A man in interesting attire next to rollerskates leans on a wooden gate .
A young girl in red is on a bungie jump ride .
Two boy put their hands together while another boy goes under their hands .
A beautiful day to lay by the Ocean , waiting for the waves .
A man with a white shirt , brown shoes , and blue socks is reading near other people and piles of books .
A girl riding a toy horse in a Spider-Man costume
A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch .
A man and a woman are swimming in a pool dancing together in the water .
A man is playing a special guitar and looking at a television .
A surfer is about to attempt a large wave , he is also wearing a life jacket for protection .
A bald man in a black suit is standing in front a building called Grace .
A woman stands outside a store .
Two women are bundled up and walking in the snow .
A young girl in a pink swimsuit at the bottom of a water slide .
A woman is leading an exercise group on the seashore .
A group of farmhands are picking vegetables up off the ground and putting them on a machine that organizes and helps transport these vegetables .
A couple walking down a city street .
An older man standing near a podium and smiling
Two men both wearing sandals , talking while walking in front of a retail store area .
Soldiers stand in formation outside of a building , and one man dressed in street clothes stands near them .
A blond female tennis playing hitting the ball .
A brunette woman in a white suit with blue and orange goggles making hand gestures .
A man with a hat is taking a photo in a busy city .
A woman in a green tank top runs outside on a road .
This man in a wetsuit rides the wave of the ocean on his surfboard .
Several people are playing baseball on a grassy lawn , with a government building in the background .
A worker is cleaning the floor of a big outdoor fountain .
Two small children walking in a field .
A man in a jacket and a scarf walking down a sidewalk .
A dog weaving through an obstacle course .
A skinny white man wearing a backpack is walking across the street .
A blond-haired girl in a blue , see-through blouse cools herself with a fan as she walks down the street .
Five women working on a craft together .
Asian man resting against something in front of a street vendor
Three dogs are playing in a field .
A woman wearing black leggings and a black tank top is running in a race while bicyclists follow not far behind .
Kids are playing in an oceanic tidal flat .
A small baby boy sitting on a slide .
Two young girls are playing , one behind the other .
Two ladies are walking in the street ; one of them is carrying a big load .
There is one man with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .
A group of people on the street dancing to a four men playing various conga drums .
A group of people or students on vacation walking alone the grounds of older buildings .
A small child and an adult walk on the beach in front of ocean waves .
Two men in black shirts are taking photographs .
A little boy with a soccer ball flying .
A man dressed as something trying to entertain people .
A man moves dirt using a large construction vehicle .
A man embraces a woman on a city balcony .
A snowboarder slides down the side of an A-frame house buried in snow .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
A kid walks on a snowy hill with their arms out .
Black and white dog grabs tree limb
Children watch a pigeon in a public square .
A man in sunglasses gets ready to pull a chair out to sit down for his meal .
Girl in pigtails playing with a camera tripod while a woman watches with a coffee cup .
A girl in low-cut jeans and black top is walking with a piece of paper in her hand .
A woman , a man , and a clown laughing on stage in front of a microphone .
A guy wearing a parka is walking on an empty sidewalk .
A street performer ( human statue ) dressed all in white poses outside .
A woman applying lipstick .
Backyard jump pose that looks ninja like as two friends pretend to fight among green garden set ups .
A little girl in a red shirt and purple tights sits surrounded by clothes and holding a book .
A strawberry blond woman with a red shirt and blue jeans on stands in front of a building with black glass windows .
A boy is making a splash in a swimming pool .
Two people are standing in front of a table of food .
A fluffy black and gray dog in the grass .
a guy in a blue shirt is pulling something .
women in blue and man in brown unroll large roll of brown paper .
An older man walks down the sidewalk of a park towards parking lot .
The San Francisco 49ers running back is tacked by the New York Jets defense .
Many people gather in a large zen garden in front of some colorful houses .
A skier makes a jump while skiing down a snow covered mountain .
A mother and daughter at a fountain
Dog swims in the water
Three children playing with a bright yellow toy .
A woman in a pink shit and blue jeans is walking down a somewhat busy street while holding a cup of coffee .
A woman with a light purple dress and bright hot pink shoes is sitting at a table drinking water and coffee .
Four people are on a dock and two of them are sitting on railings .
Three men , each wearing a white shirt and orange shorts , build a sand castle while another man , wearing the same clothing , looks on .
Two people buying a child up to his neck in sand at the beach .
A man sits and rest his head on his hand next to a couple of other people .
Two people , dressed in red , dancing .
People are riding around on snowmobiles .
A dirt bike jumps and is caught in photo midair .
Several people are standing in shallow water .
Man in dark blue pants and coat , walking on sidewalk , looking at his white music player , with earbuds in ear .
Three girls dancing on the hardwood floor on an emty room .
A man with poofy gray hair laughing
Five construction workers building the side of a gray building .
An Asian woman and sand at a marketplace with their good .
A woman is beside a small wooden stand .
A girl is getting ready to swing the club .
Two young girls wearing white tennis uniforms are shaking hands .
A woman sits at a table near a window , with a plate and glass in front of her .
A worker begins to make renovations to the outside of a building .
A man 's hand is shown helping a spatula to flip a pancake from a square frying pan in a messy kitchen .
A man walks between houses
a woman stands behind a display of food .
A man wearing a red shirt playing an umbrella as an instrument .
Woman cooking pot of stew .
A man wearing a blue shirt , a blue hat , and an apron is standing outside the Candy Cafe on a sunny day .
A group of people , including a barefoot woman with white shorts , a black jacket and backpack wait for a light rail train .
The Wine Shop
A young girl is in midair doing gymnastics .
Several people are sitting on a wall covered in graffiti .
A nun is being searched at an airport by a female Department of Homeland worker .
A gymnast in a blue and pink leotard is standing on her right foot with her left foot in the air and waving a ribbon .
Onlookers watch a man with a black helmet leaning against a tree , playing a type of instrument .
A cyclist pedaling his bike up a dirt road near a body of water .
A hockey player turns while staring off picture , large blue and yellow signs contrast the white ice and the player 's dark jersey .
A dog with a bandanna jumps through hoop .
A man showing his muscles .
A man and toddler are walking along the beach in front of the ocean .
a man wearing a wife-beater , sitting around fruit in a low budget market .
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car .
Man on the bus listening to headphones .
Young blond girl looks unsure as she feeds colorful birds outside .
A black man is talking on his cellphone and is holding a vintage camera .
Bicycle riders riding in a group at a professional race .
A road is fairly busy somewhere in the middle east .
Workers are setting-up to work in the London tubes .
A woman in a blue top is working at a factory .
Many people on a street while vendors sell items .
A man in tan pants and a woman wearing a knee brace dancing .
A smiling man in uniform stands on a cobblestone street , surrounded by grinning people in brightly-colored clothes .
A woman is reading a magazine over another woman 's shoulder .
A girl is standing next to a microphone and playing the trombone .
Rival female basketball teams are playing a game in front of an audience at an indoor arena .
A young man with no shirt on is standing near a car with surfboards on it .
Two girls in jean dresses laugh and play .
A lady in a beautiful outfit with a name tag .
Two men holding their hands on their heads and talking to a group of children .
A child leaping toward a red bed .
A trolley heads through chinatown .
The little boy fell face first into the grass while playing football .
a lone motorcyclist jumping in midair with his legs in the air and sparks flying in the background
Men standing around talking on cellphones .
A lady in blue long shorts and carrying a bag is glancing at the street art on a yellow building .
Two small children are sleeping in car seats .
A man in an office serving cake , with his co-workers around .
A red-haired girl in a blue T-shirt is swimming underwater in a pool .
a man kneels on top of a green mat .
A man in a green and black coat does a burnout in a matching motorcycle in front of a crowd behind fences .
About 20 dark complected men standing with their backs towards us raising both hands in the air .
Holding his camera over his head , a man takes a picture , while others sit nearby .
A young boy and an older woman sitting at a brown table in a blue room .
Person in white shirt and blue shorts in the water next to a big rock .
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .
A man in a white , red , yellow , and black shirt and white pants arches his back to narrowly avoid a charging black bull in a bull fighting ring with red-painted sides while a number of spectators look on .
A man is hanging onto the decorative part of a building .
Man wearing black is holding a sword with his arms out .
A college volleyball player spikes the ball , wanting to score a point .
This person , seated on a type of go-cart , is riding downhill .
A female child is on the shoulders of parent .
A man in a plaid suit and clown makeup plays guitar , while a man in a brown shirt head bangs and a woman plays bass in the background .
Indian wearing headgear speaks
A man in a white apron and sandals is dry mopping a floor .
A small girl is hula-hooping .
A woman wearing a white blouse and blue skirt is dunked into some water by some people while a man dressed in colonial clothes watches .
A woman holding a bowl on watermelon .
A man in orange drives a four-wheeler with two children on the back of it .
An adult and a child run on the beach .
Young male nose sliding a skateboard down a 3-step rail .
A black Dog , in a Alley maybe , He might be lost , and Cold , or Hungry .
A man in jeans and a dark t-shirt is working on a train with an oil pot .
A girl swings on a nice day .
Two girls walk through fresh snow .
On a stage , there is a band playing guitars and singing , while the lights behind them flash and show a large star .
Two dogs standing in the field .
A gray-haired man stands next to a police van .
Two guys in the snow work on a snowmobile .
A dog walking around with his leash but not with his owner .
A woman in a green shirt is bowling at a neon-lit bowling alley .
Four people are observing a boy performing a trick on a skateboard at a skating rink .
A man wearing a suit stands on the street with his right hand outstretched .
A curly-haired male drummer and a guitarist on stage in the middle of a set .
Two players reaching for a basketball as three other players and a referee look on .
Man running and almost falling .
A group of young boys look at the camera while a bulldozer moves earth in the background .
This is an athlete on a bicycle during a race .
Daredevils enjoy mountain boarding down the ravine .
The shaggy dog is looking at the last of an ice cream cone .
A woman in a black outfit is standing in a hardwood floored room looking out a window .
A man is drawing on the ground .
A person is standing on top of a snow covered mountain .
A small child is interacting with a cartoon figure in a bathroom .
Three men are sitting down laughing .
Man holding a baby propped between two buildings about two feet apart photographed from below .
The girl has pink pants and a polka dot jacket on .
A broken down car during a race
A group of people sitting on a pier .
Two men are on a boat working together .
A woman and girl wearing traditional clothes , sits on the front lawn , reading from a book .
A man in a uniform carrying a box exiting the steps of a plane .
Two large dogs running in some grass .
A man with dreadlocks is sitting near music mixing equipment .
a baseball player in mid-swing .
The boy is leaning against a tree .
Four people sitting in the snow at the base of a frozen waterfall .
A man in a red helmet rollerblades near the beach with two dogs on a leash .
A man in a black shirt and a white pants holds two sticks on an urban sidewalk , playing four overturned buckets as drums .
Two dogs play in a river , one is making a splash .
A baby in a purple and yellow bouncer is crying .
A toddler wearing a pacifier is sleeping on a red blanket with a teddy bear at his side .
A market selling kid 's bikes .
A man wearing a mask in a cluttered room .
Little girl outside leaving flowers and cards at a memorial .
Two small boys are getting into a grayish colored van .
little girl playing on the beach at sunset
A bunch of men pushing a car that is stuck in snow .
Two males , sweaty and smiling , running during a game , one male has brown hair and a blue uniform with a sleeve tattoo on his arms , and is holding up his right index finger .
Four men sit on a church 's steps .
A toddler girl wears a jacket and stands with a man .
Man spiking volleyball over net with other player in front of him .
A guy dressed in a black shirt and white jeans rollerblading on a steel beam .
Four women in dresses and three men in black suits standing in front of a microphone singing .
A middle-aged Asian woman stares at rows of high heel shoes .
A lot of Cameramen taking pictures at a sporting event .
A boy in a bathing suit stands in water .
Man in a black shirt walking down a large set of stairs .
One tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object , while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .
Two policemen in neon yellow jackets stand while others walk by .
A man in jeans , a jacket and a hat is holding an open newspaper while walking .
Greyhound dogs race on the track , with # 8 leading the way .
Several people , all wearing sunglasses , are captured jumping into the air and making funny poses on a sandy beach area near a log .
Children stand under an umbrella in a river .
A man dressed in business attire jumps in the air .
Two men wearing eyeglasses standing together .
A volleyball player in an orange jersey performing a jump serve .
A man wearing a black long-sleeved shirt is taking a photo of a building .
A jockey is perched atop a brown horse as people mill about behind them .
A cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street .
Man with golden pigtails attracts attention in the street .
A white man in a red shirt riding a bike .
Two kickboxers compete in front of a live audience .
Two kids are skateboarding next to a statue of a man riding a horse .
A baby in a pink bib is drinking from two cups at the same time , while a woman looks at her .
A group of smiling teenagers sits at a table while playing a board game .
A man sitting on a bus with another man in the row behind him .
A middle-aged woman in a dark bathing suit and her middle-aged husband in an orange hat walk cozily along the beach .
An Asian man is pushing a cart down a brick street while others walk behind him .
Men using the slot machines in casino atmosphere .
A toddler on a hardwood floor playing with toys .
A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk .
A man is leaning over the side of a boat holding a rope .
A blond , newly married couple kissing .
Four men wearing helmets are working on a road .
A girl with dark hear pulled back in a ponytail and wearing a red shirt walks back after having thrown her bowling ball .
Man with black hair is swimming .
A man in a boat in front of a sunset .
A man in a yellow shirt standing at a counter .
A man walking down a busy street carrying red roses .
A man is performing a water sport .
A young boy tosses his ball in the air outside .
A woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk .
The dog is leaping into the water .
A man on stage dances to the music of a man playing a wind instrument and a man playing a double base .
A small child is smiling at the camera while being held by a smiling adult .
Three kids gather around a horse .
Three young people playing in a water fountain .
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign .
A sweating frustrated man just coming out of the water .
A bald little boy holds a chicken while two men are sitting in the background .
A man in a green shirt strums a guitar indoors for a small child , standing in a doorway , in overalls .
A small boy standing near muddy water with something in his hand while someone beside him washes clothing in buckets .
A woman is watching a man as he is bowling .
Five girls are in front of a wall .
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth .
A bird is flying through the air while children are playing on the beach .
Two , elderly gentlemen in kimonos are talking and laughing .
White male wearing a blue suit jacket stands and talks on his cellphone , while a man wearing black walks behind him carrying bags .
Two police officers converse while standing in the street .
Two men with joyous looks on their faces are leaping into the air .
A large man with mp3 headphones and a backpack waits at a subway station on Wall Street .
Four people in jackets and long pants ice skate on an outdoor rink .
A man in a tan coat holding an infant and a young girl sitting on a brown couch .
A man walking along a road next to a blue building and red stop sign .
A lady with black hair looking at a window holding a paper towel .
People are walking around an oriental plaza .
Two girls wrapped in a blanket .
Two girls ride a swing ride at a fair or amusement park wearing flip-flops and tank tops .
A man wearing yellow and blue is walking through a dry field .
A band is playing for a crown in a nighttime setting .
Two people pose for the camera .
Five black dogs running across the grass .
A young man in a red shirt is getting ready to hit the 8 ball on a pool table .
Two young nurses display toys for children to play with .
Bearded white man puts on a green outfit .
Two men in hats stand on a wide sidewalk .
The young couple are enjoying something to drink .
People walk on a city street near lined parking spaces .
People are walking , sitting , and standing outside of a department store .
Several young children standing in the sun .
A young blond-haired child is sleeping in a bed .
A man without a shirt climbs a rock wall with help from a red rope .
A man with a cigarette in his mouth is riding a green scooter on the grass .
A man hitting a tennis ball .
Several people are sitting at a table looking at colored index cards .
A busy marketplace where individuals with head coverings are walking .
A blond kid is sitting on a rope at the playground .
A man who is wearing glasses is planting trees .
Two girls riding down the street on unicycles .
The man in the blue shirt wearing headphones around his neck is sitting next to the man who is working at a computer .
three dogs are running through the snow , one of them throwing up so much snow that he can hardly be seen .
A woman wearing a strapless blue dress jumps in the air at a beach while being filmed .
Two male swimmers in black trunks jumping off a deck in a marina with boats in the background .
Bright blue car going down a dirt road , as onlookers watch .
Two young people brave the cold .
Dozens of street performers in fuchsia , red , yellow and black outfits are dancing and singing along a city street .
A skateboarder completes a jump while another man records it .
A gentleman laughs in his car while driving on the countryside .
Heavyset women in a blue and white dress walks down a city block .
An Orioles player sliding into home plate .
Two teams of women playing indoor volleyball .
A man takes pictures of white and yellow tulips .
A man in a dark jacket looking down .
A group of people in costume gather outdoors on Halloween .
a man and a woman are walking past a stained glass window
A man in a red dress coat riding a white horse in sand .
Two workmen in jeans pave the floor at a transportation stop next to a barren hill .
The people are in older looking attire .
People having a good time dancing
Lady walking through rows of children .
Two young boys diving headfirst into water with small waves on it .
A snowboarder in white soaring through the air .
A man is driving a tractor pulling a trailer full of people .
A man with a brown leather jacket is holding his wallet .
The man with sunglasses and a striped shirt is walking down the street with three cases of beer .
A man balancing on his hand at the beach .
A street musician plays drums at night .
A small , black dog jumps through the air while a person beckons it .
A man in a white t-shirt sitting outside on a street corner .
A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure .
Racer riding a motorcycle with the racetrack in the background .
An elderly man with a beret on , smiling for the camera .
A man is looking through a telescope .
The boy is pouring a bucket of water over a girl 's head .
A team of dogs pulls a sled through the snow .
A little boy in blue is jumping in the air .
A snowboarder posed mid-jump .
An infant with dark hair getting bathed in a small sink filled with soapy water .
A biker with a white helmet is in midair with a cloudy sky and city skyline in the background .
a man sitting next to a pay phone .
A guitarist on a stage holding his guitar and saying something to the audience .
A female walking wearing a string bikini towards a man in a striped shirt .
Small children in a third world country sitting together .
Children are playing a game outside .
A man in a gray stocking hat lights a cigarette while holding a pop .
A group of men are standing in lines with their guns on their side .
A young boy , playing soccer , is wearing a green jersey and black shorts and has his face buried in his hands .
A beagle walks along the calm shore .
Brown dog trying to bite a white ball with yellow , green and blue puppy toes
Two boys are having fun playing with a toy car .
A small group of church-goers watch a choir practice .
A runner in a blue shirt and blue shorts participates in a race .
A Middle Eastern lady wears Gold and red as she hold a child .
Items are being sold in the open market by it 's vendors .
Two young boys are playing with a laundry basket with clothes all over the floor .
Two girls cleaning a floor .
A toddler in a blue shirt is crying .
A man and woman facing each other on a bench .
A brunette gymnast wearing a black suit with pink , blue , and orange-lined accents is photographed in the moment with her back arched , toes pointed and arms hanging down from her head .
Three female nurses look at a book .
An old woman watches a man look down at some balls on the ground .
An old woman wearing a pink , floral dress is walking while holding a magazine under her arm .
A bearded man wearing a blue shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .
Two women in winter clothes ride in a subway car with orange and yellow seats .
People enjoying a bus ride .
Dog catching a red Frisbee .
A dog jumps through a hoop .
a chef taking a slice of pizza out to be sold
A man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street .
A group of people converse in front of a building with the words " legalize LA "
A woman plays electronic keyboards on a stage in front of several video screens while an audience watches .
A child in a basketball outfit is doing a backflip as other boys cheer him on .
A hectic race between cowboys at the rodeo .
A woman dancing with a bottle of water to the band playing behind her .
A guy on Rollerblades is grinding on a rail in a skate park .
Man with dreadlocks takes a picture of children sitting near steps .
Two people are enjoying a scenic view from a park bench .
Bikers in a bike race take a sharp left turn .
A man wearing a bicycle helmet looks at a woman wearing a bicycle helmet .
A man tries to sell fruit in a busy street .
A man wearing flowered swim trunks climbs out of a pool cut into ice .
The dog is leaping over a hurdle .
An Amish man standing next to a barn .
Dog with long wet hair biting stick .
two boys on a balance beam holding a rope
An individual surfing in the ocean .
A young boy empties a bottle over the railing of a balcony unto the man below .
A view from a hidden camera at a low height shows a man and a woman standing under an umbrella mounted on the back of a three wheeled bicycle with a cart on the back .
Six with helmets workers are walking on a balcony through the snow .
A man in an orange shirt is gathering clay , in a clay pit .
A male saxophone player belts out a song in the dim light of a local establishment .
Young woman making peculiar gestures with hand and arms .
A young male toddler wearing a diaper sits on a carpeted floor as he plays with a set of toy trains .
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
A man wearing a yellow USA shirt sits outside of a building with its doors open .
A boy on a skateboard in midair
A black dog with a white spot on it 's neck holding a frisbee looking away from the camera .
a man in green holding a camera stands between two of the head statues on Easter island .
A group of men are walking between railroad tracks .
A woman holds a harp , while standing in a snow-covered field .
A young boy runs through the sandy corridors of a rock garden maze .
Two women are sharing a black umbrella in the rain .
A woman in a red shirt is walking past a store called Burrito Bandidos and it is open .
A strong woman in a blue shirt is lifting weights with a machine .
There is a crowd of people at an outdoor station including some men in hard hats and safety jackets .
Some people smile at each other over some beers .
A rock climber scaling a mountain on a very steep edge .
Three teenagers , two without shoes having a water gun fight with various types of guns trying to spray each other .
A climber walks along a snowy peak .
A large black dog and a large yellow dog appear to be playing with a soccer ball .
A person wearing a green shirt holding a wine bottle .
A group of people are watching something .
A person is riding a bike in a tunnel .
A young woman with a ponytail and her back to the camera is taking a picture of what seems to be some sort of procession .
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
A man in a runner 's uniform stomps through water as it splashes .
Two white cars parked outside of Ruby 's diner .
Three people hang out in an alley after it rained .
A man with a big hat and a brightly colored shirt is standing by a pink Cadillac .
A lady in a dress is watching a river boat near the shore with a city in the background .
A choir , consisting of young people , viewed from behind .
Guy who fell asleep on subway .
A helicopter descends into a grassy area where there are many cars .
A man in a wetsuit with a surfboard walks along a beach
A couple kisses in a palace courtyard .
A girl riding a red bicycle in red heels and leg warmers , carrying takeout in a bag .
The crouching man is holding a large camera .
The black and white race car is rounding the turn .
A smiling man , seated , leans against the wall while he plays a violin .
Two asian men in a wood shop .
A woman with sunglasses on , and an older woman cross a crosswalk in a large city .
A woman taking a rest from fishing is sitting down with her lovers head on her shoulder , while three little children and a man are looking up in the sky
Two young boys play a carnival game requiring them to shoot a target to win a prize .
A man wearing white overalls is juggling dangerous objects .
2 men , both in jeans and a black top , are playing ping-pong .
Shirtless man with a tattoo of a cross on his arm looking over a railing outdoors .
Two young boys in blue shorts kickboxing .
Boy heads into water , big tents and hills in background , in rural area .
Two boys climbing telephone poles to stay out of flood waters .
Mother tries some role reversal with her son in the kitchen .
Group of tourist 's mostly women having fun on a bridge .
Downtown shoppers passing by homeless man .
Children sitting near items for sale on the ground .
a man in a pink and yellow shirt and blue headband is holding a tennis racquet whilst standing with his mouth open .
Two friends prepare to go mountain biking .
A person in a red shirt standing close to a fluorescent light .
Do these picketers really believe in what they are protesting ?
An Asian girl is modeling rubber boots .
Two children jump on a trampoline .
A man is carrying a plastic case over his head amongst a group of people .
A blond woman in a blue shirt is posing on a tree branch .
A crowd of people gathers in a grassy area .
A man is juggling five orange balls .
A man in a suit is standing outside .
A young girl in a short-sleeve brown shirt with a name tag on it , has her arm around another young girl in a quarter length brown shirt and jeans .
An older man sitting on a green upside down bucket playing the harmonica on a cobblestone sidewalk .
A badminton player dressed in red and yellow at the London 2012 Olympics leaps in the air as she plays the game .
Two Asian women are walking by two Asian men on a bike .
A radio hanging from the ceiling .
At the bakery , the fat old baker sleeps while his apprentice rubs the flour out of his eyes , seated beside him .
multiple children hanging out in front of a carnival game .
Customers are sitting at a restaurant .
A little girl wearing a pink and white striped bib is eating oatmeal at a restaurant table .
A young girl standing in a grassy field .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth .
Many children are playing at an outdoor water park .
A little girl blows out the candles on her cake .
2 people walking across a bridge over a street .
A worker in an orange vest is using a shovel .
Men in western style shirts and cowboy hats sit with a horse nearby .
A man pushing a blue arm chair down the sidewalk as people are walking past him .
A Asian man is walking down the street holding two very large bags .
A man in a white apron and hat is selling meat on a busy street .
A girl wearing a t-shirt is taking notes in a spiral notebook with a pink pen .
Women with fake blood and makeup all over her face , chest and neck .
A Miami basketball player dribbles the ball and looks serious .
A man is riding a bike on a city street in front of a green building .
Two hockey players playing offense and defense .
A male cuts a white cake with blue roses .
An old lady wearing a hat and smiling .
A young man with long dark hair wears a red coat with a Mandarin-style collar and plays a yellow electric guitar .
A guy in a black leather motorcycle suit an helmet on a silver motorcycle .
Three people enjoying the view in a modern building .
An elderly man plays a tambourine in a concert , with a trumpet on his lap .
The boy has his arms through the steering wheel
A girl is using a slingshot .
A heavyset woman is rinsing her mini van .
A white dog jumps above a red Frisbee that is rolling along the surface of a low cut field .
A doctor in blue scrubs is monitoring a screen as he works along side other medical personnel .
A man in a white shirt with a child on his shoulders .
A lovely lady playing music .
a old man is working on something .
Person in wetsuit on top of a surfboard in the water .
Hockey goalie blocks a shot from a rival player as other players observe .
group of people in a square on sunny day
a white dog walking on some rocks along a house in the snow .
Several women are playing musical instruments at someone 's home .
A green motorcycle is being ridden on a wet racetrack .
Two boys have made a goal out of two jackets in order to play soccer .
A school campus or park where people are reading , biking and other activities .
Two young men sitting on a bench holding music instruments .
Two people in a Mexican restaurant posing for a picture with Mexican hats on .
A man with a plaid hat is sitting in a chair on the side of the road reading a magazine .
A man using a cane and carrying a bag walks down a sidewalk .
One kid holding a bowl while another kid sprays water into it .
A man in a black shirt carrying a young child .
A black poodle plays with another dog in a dry field .
An old man sits with a tray in his lap .
The four children are running to a brick building .
The man and woman are wearing a protective plastic raincoat .
Two people walking by a large stone wall .
A young child wearing a pink coat is sitting and holding a shoe .
Men in orange vests and hard hats .
A hawk sits in a budding tree looking left .
Two elderly women enjoying sandwiches on a bench .
People gathering for an event .
Two kids are playing a game of Foosball .
A woman sits on the floor , working on an Apple laptop .
The skateboarder is leaping in the air in front of the telegraph pole .
Two men in black bulletproof vests watch something taking place to the right of the picture .
A baby dressed in pink lies on a white carpeted floor and leans against a white wall .
A man and woman take pictures on a street corner .
Several people standing near a tree in front of buildings .
A group of four young men , who appear to be students , walk away from a bus stop in a school zone .
Two men sit on the tailgate of a pickup truck .
Protesters hold signs regarding troops at war .
A jockey in yellow and a jockey in blue are racing their horses down a grassy raceway .
An old man sits in a folding chair within a white doorway .
A young boy sticking out his tongue while playing soccer .
An old Asian man in a hat is carrying his stuff .
Four men sit on the found in front of a church or synagogue .
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee .
A motocross racer tears through the mud on a turn as he drives through a sunny day .
Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
A young child is sleeping on a blanket on a couch .
A woman with orange shoes stops in a square .
a young boy jumping to catch something in a pool .
An Asian flight attendant is attending to passengers on a plane .
A young woman in a green jacket flies her green model plane as another young person in a red hat prepares to launch their yellow model plane .
A white and black dog wrestle together .
A blond-haired little boy wearing a black and white T-shirt smiles as he holds a lizard in his hand .
A toddler is making a face at the camera .
A group of people are attending a conference .
man playing cricket , hits the red ball .
An older man and woman ride bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
women spiking playing beach volleyball in london olympics
Family enjoying some juice boxes .
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire .
An Asian male in a blue jacket and jeans talking with a brown-haired girl sitting on the stairs .
A man is sitting on a stone ledge dressed in Renaissance clothing
Man in green vest directing traffic in snowy conditions , pedestrians standing on the sidelines .
A girl in a blue dress , wearing a blue sweater , hanging out in a tree .
Two men paint modern mural on a wall with a inclining walkway .
A young boy learns how to ride a horse
A person is standing with one leg propped up with an object with a blue line in his left hand .
Person in motorcycle helmet physically engaged with a man on the street .
Six people planting a garden .
A guy stands alone in a station in the sunlight .
There are two dogs playing with each other .
A group of town folk singing and dancing on a residential hillside .
Hanley Ramirez slid into third base , but he was tagged as being out .
Some overweight women are standing in bikini tops .
A white dog runs over a snowy field or lawn , with a log in his jaws .
a woman sweeps the foundation of a house .
Woman pointing while others take pictures of something
Two men and a woman pose with signs for Obama and Chris Gregoire .
A man , seen from behind but also visible in the mirror in front of him , is being shaved by a barber .
A girl play a violin and another one playing a clarinet behind her .
A man in a black sweatshirt holds up an Obama sign .
Young African children are attending class in a one room schoolhouse .
A dog catches a ball in the air
A boy in a green soccer outfit hangs from a machine .
Many people in bright orange vests seem to be working in a large building .
People walking along on a street at night .
Someone being interviewed .
Boy with yellow shirt on , touching a spiral object .
Many people are outside in a town wearing safety vests walking around .
A woman with a special type of bike looking at a baby .
Two men outdoors working on a bicycle .
A doctor in blue scrubs performing an surgery .
A stage is being erected on a city street while passersby watch .
A man with dark hair in a striped shirt walking by a street sign
Two kids playing on playground equipment .
Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls
Two young girls laugh uproariously as they play with each other in their pajamas .
A man with a bandanna plays some homemade instruments in a crowded city .
A girls is jumping in the sand .
The lady in blue is pushing the gray and red baby stroller .
A group of patriotic people are celebrating .
The brown dog is running away with a stick in its mouth .
A older man walking down the street .
A group of people are sleeping on a bus while a boy sends a text message .
A woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole .
People at an indoor carnival featuring a game with large stuffed animals as prizes .
A man sits by himself at a table by the window of a dark cafe .
A dog runs through the snow with a stick in its mouth .
A group of people standing along a sidewalk .
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans reads a book on his couch .
A dog in a number six jersey is running through a field .
These children are reading out loud .
A boy in a yellow and black coat playing with brown dog .
A multi generation family having a meal at a restaurant .
A man in a gear shirt digging a hole .
The man is sitting down while enjoying his beer .
A puppy catching a bird
A construction worker staying clear of the construction site .
A man in black shorts is jumping off planks of wood .
There are four children , two male , two female , in formal clothing taking a candid picture .
A boy in a t-shirt and shorts is holding a snowball and facing a snowy mountain .
Men try to climb up a large rock .
An elderly woman walks in front of a brick wall with a cane .
A young man dressed in a black t-shirt , blue jeans and a blue baseball cap performs a skateboarding trick on a granite bench in front of a pharmacy building .
A woman in a dress is crossing a suspended bridge .
The tennis ball is about to be hit .
A small baby is crying with eyes closed and fists clenched .
The dog with big ears is leaping over a fallen tree .
A brown dog is playing with a red toy while another brown dog bounds towards the camera .
Four warmly dressed children sit by a cement wall covered in a blue blanket .
Spanish men playing music in a city .
A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off-camera .
Two ballerinas wearing red and performing on stage .
Two adults and two children pose on a park bench .
Kid in blue shirt doing tricks on a bike
A woman wearing a straw hat and floral skirt is sitting on cement stairs with her head in her hands .
A little girt in sunglasses and warm coat going for a ride .
Young boy playing in the sand with plastic toys .
Closeup of a man holding a baby , wrapped in a blue blanket , to his shoulder .
Rollerblades sliding on a railing .
A woman in black sings while a man in blue accompanies her on guitar .
A lady that has been performing on stage with a mic and guitar pauses to kiss the head of a child .
A crowd of people are divided , one side has body shields and the other side has a batman costumed man .
A group of people are at a club watching a performance .
Stacks of orange safety cones in front of a man holding up a homeless sign .
A young girl and two young boys playing with scooters on a dock during the day .
Two boys lifting a dirt bike .
A bald man holding a stack of newspapers smiles at the camera .
A little girl is petting her white , fluffy cat .
Two men stand in front of a bulldozer , in the middle of the street .
1 man with rifle in hand and other instructing at a shooting range
A little boy with blue mittens walking over a wooden trail bridge .
There is a stadium full of red seats , one cheerleader holds up a sign that says ROCKS.
A man in green t-shirt working in his office .
A man in yellow rides a motocross bike down a dirt track in a forest .
a boy plays in the fountains .
A black man plays the alto saxophone in front of a brick storefront .
A family smiling on the couch .
A girl in a yellow shirt walks with her hands in her pocket on a bridge .
People walking around outside in either fall or winter season .
A man speaks at a couple 's wedding , as they smile at him .
A runner is about to run underneath this bridge in the fall .
Men are standing on and about a truck carrying a white substance .
A man in a penguin suit runs with a man , not in a penguin suit .
A man receives a piece of paper from a woman while shaking her hand , as a man wearing an " Ohio State Geography " shirt looks on .
Two men and one woman dressed in suits and ties holding musical gear .
A person wearing glasses is creating a painting of his surroundings .
A girl fixes her earring on the side of a busy , wide sidewalk .
Two young girls walking down a busy city street .
An unhappy child with his eyes closed is touching the back of someones pants .
A boy in a tan jacket plays a black piano .
Two men each holding their dog on leashes as the two dogs play with each other .
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach .
Two workers in orange safety vests check materials in a restricted work area .
A man grilling a hamburger .
People are going in and out of what looks to be a theater .
A pit crew makes repairs to a motocross bike while the pit crew boss supervises .
A man dressed as Judge Dredd converses with a woman during a convention .
A man in a leather jacket is kissing a girl in a subway station .
A gentleman is performing at the street .
A young blond boy plays with a dollhouse .
A group of people are taking pictures with their phones .
A man in a blue kayak going through rapids .
A young boy sleeps on a makeshift cot in a flooded area .
A group of woman are around a girl with a bouquet of flowers and holding something while smiling .
In a baseball game the batter is swinging at the ball , while the catcher patiently waits for the ball to hit his glove .
A boy in a striped shirt and glasses sitting and looking very bored with his head resting in his hand .
Some boys are playing basketball on a court .
A woman , child , and camel with supplies walking near a tree .
A pedicab driving sitting on the side and waiting for his next customer .
Child wearing fireman 's hat sits on ground next to man holding a handsaw .
These people are hiking to the mountain climbing site .
A lady talking on the phone while shopping .
a woman is sitting by a fence holding a baby in her arms .
Men are taking a break and looking at the overcast skies .
A man dressed up as the statue of liberty .
a woman holding a young baby inside the window of a train
Men at a party hanging out on the front porch .
people put their hands on a Frisbee .
A man wearing a suit with a red tie is talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car .
A woman is looking at an unusually designed house with a small gate .
Children in coats playing in fall leaves .
A group of construction workers watch a huge shovel at work .
A dog with a brown spot around one eye walking in front of a black dog .
Wow ! this book is good , have get comfortable to read it .
A group of men in reflective safety jackets play a game of soccer in a dirt field with graffiti on the wall , while a long-haired referee watches .
A man in a beige jacket holds a Korean flag .
The man on the bike is sitting on a gravel hill .
A person on a boat in a canal .
A warmly dressed woman in black kneels with a small tan dog near a crowd of onlookers .
A young girl with a yellow shirt sliding down a yellow slide
A group of people , many of them children , sitting on a wall outside of a white one-story building .
A dog swims in a body of water while , slightly ahead , a black duck takes flight .
Five children are on a slide , all dressed in different colored clothes .
A young man in a t-shirt smiling in a bookstore .
A man sitting in front of computer monitors pinching his brow .
A man with white shorts plays in a skateboard .
A brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .
One man with a plaid shirt and another with a red scarf , glasses and beard are holding beers .
Woman in light blue knit hat and light blue zippered jacket kneels in front of a bowl of liquid and small bottle .
Three people are performing music .
The girl with the green tank top and gray shorts is standing in the middle of the empty railroad track .
A person sits next to light pole that has flags on it with anchors , overlooking a river and a city front on the other side .
A group of people are at some type of event
A man wearing a cap and green shirt with his back to the camera in an industrial kitchen .
Construction workers put together a house .
A man and a boy having a snack .
Several people sit on a train .
A child in a highchair plays with a toy .
The hostess is watching the busy waiter 's tray .
on a snowy day a man with a north face jacket walks through the crowded streets past a garbage truck
Two people grip the bar of a red structure .
A group of protesters picket in the road .
An older girl and a younger girl playing barefoot in a puddle
A soldier ducks behind a tank for cover .
A man cutting branches of trees .
The small brown and black down is wearing a pink tutu .
Two little girls in dresses are in front of an inflatable balloon .
Several beachgoers are reclining near upside-down boats .
A black dog is running down a path .
A lady is kneeling wearing a blue shirt .
One dog is chasing another one on the beach .
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising .
Two singers in white shirts on stag in a bar .
An artist painting standing in the street painting his scenery of a red and white building .
A woman is sitting outside while holding two cats .
Two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side .
A small white dog gets sprayed by water
A black dog jumping off a riverbank near a wooded area .
A girl jumping in the woods .
Man sits and watches five washing machines .
A woman wearing strangely colored clothing checks out at a convenience store .
A lady with a fruit hat and red gloves holding a black fan and an umbrella .
School band members enact a scene on the football field while drummers dressed a Civil War soldiers play in the background .
A woman and a girl in white hold onto a railing at a baseball stadium .
A woman in jeans looks through a telescope situated in front of a body of water .
The skier went airborne after the jump marked by the blue flag .
A group of men are playing ball together .
A brunette woman cooks in the kitchen while enjoying a glass of wine .
A woman in a red shirt and tan pants carries red and yellow flowers in a bucket on his shoulder .
Ride with a model biplane .
A woman in a bathing suit exits a pool .
Three chefs in uniform are working in an assembly line to prepare pastries .
man on motorcycle taking a sharp left turn .
A figure skating wearing a black dress is performing on an ice rink .
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd .
Two people on bike racing on track rounding a corner
a man holds a cigarette .
Two men in white play guitars .
A woman in a security booth is handing a card to the photographer of this photo .
Girl in long coat walking down the street as man watches
A man in motion wearing a catchers mitt .
a few couples sitting on beanches next to a pool
Two men in white suits play the guitar on a stage .
The boy is outside enjoying a summer day .
A child wearing gray pants , green winter coat and black ski cap feeding geese in a lake .
A dog lying on a blue cloth dog bed .
A man wearing a white tank top sings into a microphones on a stage with a crowd watching .
A man in yellow rain gear holding a shovel looks on as a man in a green jacket swings a pick at the ground .
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands .
A bald man leaning on a building with a young girl crouching and holding a bottle of liquid .
An older woman in a multicolored outfit sitting next to a pile of peanuts .
A man in a patriotic t-shirt and baseball cap holding up a protest sign .
Two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore .
Two people are walking through the sand .
Three people are digging up dirt near a house .
A nun is sitting down at a table in a restaurant eating a burger with two coca cola cans in front of her with people behind her .
A teenager in a blue shirt is skateboarding past a Blockbuster video .
A little girl drinks water while the car is getting fixed .
A singer in a white button-down shirt is performing while a girl plays the guitar in the back .
A female is out hiking a mountain .
A long-haired man belts out a tune on a trumpet while accompanying his band .
A white van with graffiti is driving in front of a market .
A man is watching his young daughter 's reaction to a homemade birthday cake .
A belly dancer gracefully swings a multicolored silk in a bar .
two men standing in the snow , one looking at the camera , the other reading a paper by a sign .
a little girl in a pink cardigan is jumping from the couch .
old women trying to fix her car
A man sits talking into a microphone in front of a sign , part of which says the word " policy " .
Man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him .
A man moving flowers while a woman makes a gesture at him .
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water .
A person lying in one of two inflatable boats and a kayak on the shores of a river with trees and a mill in the background .
a small boy in a blue jacket climbs into a power wheels vehicle
A man sitting in front of a store window with a sign that says " Help Fight Hobophobia . "
A lady in a pink coat walking with a small pink umbrella in her hand .
A woman biking downhill .
Two miners work in a large pit .
a woman is rounding a corner in a roller derby .
A man in a red coat is snowblowing a parking lot .
Man with long hair and goatee grimaces as his beard is shaved off by a man in gray shirt .
A black dog clutches a pink purse in his teeth and runs .
A group of people sit around a table outside on a porch at night .
A woman wearing a fur lined jacket and a red apron is washing dishes .
this photo shows bickers racing along side a beach .
A mountain biker jumps a rock on a mountain .
The blond woman in the jean jacket clenched her fists as she walked away .
A woman in an orange top and black shorts is running .
A foreign man wearing black and a brown hat is standing still in the middle of the sidewalk .
A couple , looked like Aladdin and Jasmine , is riding the magic carpet on a night sky .
A young boy wearing a race number on his shirt leaning over and looking to his right .
A woman wearing a red and black striped dress is standing next to two women on a sidewalk .
A man in a tan hat rides a motorized skateboard down the sidewalk .
Three people in jackets and gloves walk on a rocky path partially covered with snow .
A little school age boy in a green shirt is making a face at the camera in front of ten other children .
three men in a crevice in a street .
A woman in purple bottoms and a black bikini top sunning herself on a brown bench .
People boarding a double decker bus .
Many young people looking a computer items .
A class full of college students sit in a classroom listening to a presentation .
A young couple in the front seat of a car offer a friendly greeting to the individual who is taking the picture .
A man in a blue shirt walking near an old building with a poster on it .
Old guitarist in white clothes performing to an audience .
A woman in a red , white and blue bathing suit doing a back bend on the beach .
Woman walking on the beach selling woven items .
A woman is taking a picture of a monkey poster .
A waiter bring a full tray of food up stairs .
man with a backpack with sigh hanging from it
A professor explaining a University level lecture .
Group of people sit and walk around in a fair style atmosphere .
A girl sitting on a chair backwards .
A spiky haired woman in an orange sweater holds a drink .
A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top , gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike .
Two men are looking toward the ground while one is wearing gloves and holding a tool .
A man is putting up a sign reading " HOSTEL C " onto a post .
A man in a yellow shirt is taking pictures while a man in jean overalls is changing a tire on a black car .
A brown dog is chasing a black dog on the sand .
A man carries a calf over his shoulders as an inquisitive cow looks on .
The bartender shows off the wide selection of beers on tap .
The snow borader is riding a rail .
A group of people are watching acrobatic performers on a beach .
A man touches a tall tree stump while a woman watches .
A man carrying a bag gesticulates at the photographer while walking in front of a large advertisement .
Three young bridesmaids gather for talk and a few laughs .
A basketball player in bright yellow shorts is doing a trick dunk in front of a large crowd of fans .
A man in a yellow and blue jacket talking to a lady in a brown and white striped shirt .
A human figure runs past a flower stand .
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard .
Two men and a woman standing in a circle having a conversation .
A boy in a yellow shirt and blue jeans jumps over exercise pylons while two boys dressed in soccer uniforms look on .
A woman in a red shirt looking down at her cellphone and holding a bag .
A woman in a red hat sits on a rug .
Man standing behind chair in an empty barber shop
A man sitting on a gate looking at the water .
Two small Asian children are each holding containers of food at chest level in front of themselves .
A young man with a green star balloon is standing next to an expansive door and building .
A young girl sitting on a pummel horse and straddling it with her legs .
A young man in shorts and t-shirt is snowboarding under a bright blue sky .
A young women talking on the phone and getting ready to pump gas .
Several people work on a machine .
A little girl skips down a path near an idyllic country pond .
man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building .
a young boy playing in a pool .
Two soccer players wait to compete on an outdoor field in front of a crowd of people watching in the stands in the background .
People looking at fish at an aquarium .
A woman is carrying a large pot over her head along with a stack of hay placed on top of the pot .
A busy street with locals in India .
A man standing in front of the bathroom mirror and shaving his face .
A meat market with a man in white inside and a boy with a blue hat outside .
A woman in a bathroom using a syringe .
A snowboarder is going down a snowy hill next to a staircase behind a building .
Three people are sleeping in a mass-transit vehicle .
Very excitable man jumping in the air over the double yellow lines on a deserted highway .
A large group of people are standing in line down a red carpet with hands folded over in prayer .
A girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger .
A crowd of people pass through a busy intersection in a city .
A group of people are watching jets flying in a formation .
A dog running with something in its mouth
A man is dancing in front of a band .
Two men are riding Segways on busy street .
Group of people play music on stage together .
An eccentric blond woman enjoys solitude in the park .
a few girls on a woooden pier eating ice cream cones
An older African American male holding lottery tickets on a city street .
Man and woman walking along a walkway surrounded by high buildings with tunnels to walk through between buildings .
A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands by a metal tiered shelf in an industrial kitchen , holding the top edge of the metal structure , with one leg resting on the knee of the other leg .
A woman with a beige sleeveless shirt and jeans sits on a sidewalk bench looking toward the camera .
Desperate Giant fan tries a creative approach to garner tickets .
A person in a purple shirt rubs their eyes under their glasses as the stand in front of a red and yellow bus .
A man in a blue dress shirt .
The girl wearing a blue coat is standing on the wooden rocking toy in the playground .
A child is being taught by an adult to ride a sheep .
Three horses and a person against a sunset .
Four men with goatees are having dinner at a restaurant .
A man with black hair is standing in a very dark room and looking downwards .
A blue house with a shirtless man outside .
A man bending to pick something up .
an old woman getting her haircut on a side street .
Three men in a fishing boat on a river in Africa .
A man in jeans is standing in the shadow of a light pole near a building and holding his hand to his head while he looks at window display for a bank .
Five women wearing scarves , sitting in a row , on the ground in front of an old stone wall working with their hands .
An old man reading a paper in a restaurant .
A young woman swimmer performs a routine .
A boy in a Marvel comics shirt is brushing his teeth in front of a sink .
A band of four young men plays .
at a theme park or basketball court .
A band performs on stage .
A man is playing guitar and wearing sunglasses .
A man clad in metallic armor raises a weapon while mounted on an armor-clad horse with spectators in the background .
A brown dog is laying on snow .
A kid jumps off a haystack while other kids watch .
A person is walking down the street holding up his hand hoping the person he 's on the phone with can see him .
Two people heavily dressed , carrying backpacks , walk through snow .
A wheelchair bound person receiving a tip from a passerby .
A man in a yellow shirt wearing multicolored plastic jewelry .
A woman stands in a crowd wearing a green shirt , pink backpack , and a mexican flag attached to the bag .
An Indian woman is sitting on the ground making a boot out of yarn .
A woman is sitting at a table in a classroom , with a girl .
Women wearing Black coats and feathery scarves .
Four people smile and hold golden plates behind their heads .
A man is wearing blue jeans standing on a bridge pointing .
A mountain biker with number 060 on the bike covered in mud from riding downhill on a muddy track .
A person does a flip by two sailboats and a lake .
Two brown dogs wrestle in the snow .
Bicyclers riding in a single file line .
Seven children are jumping in a grassy meadow .
A lady with an orange jacket is holding a walkie talkie , while another lady wearing a lime green jacket is standing near her looking at something in her hand and holding a cane .
A man in a blue jacket is buying street food .
Two women hold a promotional poster from a movie .
Three people overlook a green valley .
Two motocross bikes are being raced around a dirt track .
An enthusiastic crowd of people kicking a red ball around on a grassy field .
A blond-haired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball .
Dog standing in snow barking .
A man in black perfors on a skateboard .
A woman in a bikini pulls a dog on a leash at the beach .
A welder person in the middle of a weld .
A gathering of women wearing white and pink in a public square raising their arms .
A boy smiles surrounded by several other people smiles at the camera .
A man is walking out a truck while carrying furniture .
A woman in white makeup and a purple dress sits in a folding chair on the curb .
A woman with curly hair and a green and yellow scarf looks down .
Three firemen with oxygen tanks on their backs walk up a metal ramp .
boats out on the water on a foggyday
A child in yellow overalls is walking over packed dirt .
Several small children are playing basketball .
A little boy with a red baseball hat on , is making a silly face at another player .
Multiple people at a gathering under a pavilion in the snow .
Two men in black uniforms talking to a man holding a bottle of soda .
A woman derssed in a black sweater , gloves , hat , and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder .
Girl in gray and black jogging in grass .
two kids with black hair eating with chopsticks .
A man sitting in a bathtub while wearing a robe blowing bubbles .
A man is walking down the street carrying a huge bundle of baskets .
A barricade separates two women and three children from a group of men in uniform marching down the road .
A man is fishing in the ocean with a large woman walking to the left .
A man with a beard & glasses is sleeping on public transportation while wearing a funny cap .
A person sits behind baskets of brightly colored goods .
A man in colorful trunks surfing a wave on a white surfboard .
An african American police officer and woman stand at the front of a bus .
A young Asian girl and her doll on a shaded grassy lawn .
A woman holds a sign next to the street that reads " Honk to Indict Bush . "
A band performing for an audience .
A boy is jumping on the grass whist other children are standing around .
Three people play instruments in front of a crowd of people .
Asian man and two women in a hallway .
A woman is reading a piece of paper aloud as a man stands behind her .
A black and white dog walks in the snow .
Five women are sitting in a greenhouse with desert succulent plants , possibly reading or discussing something together .
A woman is overlooking a street from a walkway .
A little boy , playing t-ball on a sunny day with his dad watching from behind the fence .
Three nordic trekkers on their way through a snowy path on a peaceful day .
A wave crashing through a group of people wearing wetsuits and goggles .
A man in a suit at an upscale bar is looking at something intently .
Two black dogs .
Young workers in a lab are working on electronics .
A woman with black pants and a tan shirt bowling in a bowling alley .
Several workers with orange vests are working on a tunnel in the Metro .
A young Hispanic woman in a pink tank top is painting .
Two men are conversing in a diner .
A tour bus parked in a park .
A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd .
Three girls in red and white uniforms playing basketball .
Four people doing landscape work on public street .
A boy in a blue and purple top is running in a race .
A man wearing swimming trunks is waterskiing backwards using only one hand .
Two people are looking at a child as one of them is pushing a wheelchair on the sidewalk .
A man in a green jacket and black hat stands with his mouth open .
An older girl in blue dress and black stockings is playing with a yellow-and-blue diabolo toy , as a young boy in striped shirt and older boy in black t-shirt dance in the background , all inside a family room with books , games , and a TV on the shelves behind them
A man is preparing shaved ice from his cart .
A man with a stick and arm protection is being bitten by a large dog .
Little redheaded boy looking at a toy train .
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks .
A child wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
A blond woman wearing a gray tank top takes a photo of herself and a young blond boy while they are seated on a bed .
A young girl wearing pink pants and a white shirt is watering a flower in a pot .
A girl and her horse stand by a fire .
A woman shopping for fruit at an outdoor market .
Woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of Nathalie 's DollHouse .
A man with a gray beard and glasses sits relaxed on a bench during the day .
Steam rises from a hot grill while a man cooks at an outdoor food stand .
A child in a gray coat kicking a soccer ball .
Three surfers are walking on the beach .
A male on a balcony looks through a telescope to see the seaside city .
A person flies through the air in a field on a motorized dirt bike .
A three man band playing at a small concert .
Two adults at a table eating chips pickles and hamburgers .
A little girl in pigtails is eating a strawberry .
Children enjoy an abundance of bubbles coming from a nearby fountain while someone captures the moment .
Two ladies collecting garbage in the dunes .
Many people listening to concert .
Two boys are at an outdoor water fountain .
A woman is rock climbing
Overjoyed child holding up a toy of some sort as her peers look onward in curiosity .
A street performer strumming on his guitar , waiting for people to toss him tips .
A man sits on a train with a suit and red shirt .
A brown dog is jumping in the air .
Two girls jumping on a trampoline , one upright and the other landing on her back , in a backyard .
A group of people at a meeting table with several computers .
Four young people , including a very young child are smiling as they are squeezed inside a partially open big ball .
A girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair .
Three women wearing matching shirts and hats are standing in the street clapping and cheering .
A group of people stare in the same direction and one woman sits on another woman 's shoulders to take a picture .
The man is giving directions to keep everyone safe by the helicopter .
Three young women in white and black dresses playing violins on a stage .
Native American shows off pheasant and hunting dogs .
A woman walking with a cane wearing a flower jacket and black pants walking by flower wreaths .
Two dogs are shaking themselves dry on the path next to the water .
Many people seem to be selling and buying fish in a fish market .
People are playing a game of ball in the pool , one swimmer is trying to throw the yellow ball into the goal .
A little boy with brown curly hair is blowing bubbles with a wand held by a girl .
a man and his young daughter enjoying some food in the cafe .
A female gymnast is doing a flip as is captured in the photo with her feet in the sky and he head towards the ground .
A man and woman and two small children are sitting in the floor with wrapped Christmas presents .
A black and white dog leaps to catch a Frisbee in a field .
two men one in a safety bucket and the other on the roof are fixing a sign .
A man is skating down a rail above some steps .
Two young girls playing cello .
A man is preparing to launch a ball down a lane .
A town full of people shopping at night .
A person is standing on a snowy mountain covered in snow while wearing ski gear and is holding one ski stick .
A congregation of people are worshipping outside of a temple .
The boy is doing a stunt through the air , on a bicycle .
A man pours a clear solution into a small , clear , tank .
An elderly man wearing a gray jacket holding a can of Coca-Cola .
woman in red shirt shopping in a outdoor market .
People mingling at colorful fair .
A man and child are walking on a trail .
A group of people sitting at a conference table .
A person in a scary gray robe .
A man trying to stand in his motorcycle as he attempts for an incredible trick .
A black dog running in the snow by some trees .
A lady with red-hair is standing in front of a mixing table with another person behind her holding up their hands .
Behind the fence spectators are looking at the golfer with the club in his hand .
A woman in yellow gazes from a concrete balcony , there is a stairway in the foreground .
A bunch of women stand in a crowded room taking pictures and standing around .
Balancing on one leg , and with the other contorted behind his back , a man twirls a Frisbee on his middle finger .
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach .
Man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt
A man with a name tag on is sitting in a chair .
A man is splitting wood on a snowy day in the driveway to a white house .
A brown-haired woman in black suite jacket giving a speech .
Two men in white shirts working in a old building .
A group of people wearing snowshoes , and dressed for winter hiking , is standing in front of a building that looks like it 's made of blocks of ice .
Two men in a kitchen looking at a leg of venison .
A woman in a blue dress is outside riding a scooter .
Young men are working in the woods .
Three men walk outside of a white building .
A man puts away a table .
A child in a red and black striped shirt plays with a yellow ball on a wooden deck .
Musicians performing for children .
A person wearing something gray while fixing a yellow and gray wall .
A man wearing an orange hat and vest is walking next to railroad tracks .
A man shaves his beard outdoors in a driveway while another person holds up a mirror for him .
A baby laughs .
a person in jeans and a black coat talks on the phone while walking past a bus stop .
A young male in maroon shorts is standing between two males that are sitting .
Three young boys walking down the street , two wearing hats .
A mother and son work together to clean up their garden so they can begin planting their new spring seeds .
A man and a woman embrace each other as they walk down a large hallway .
A group of females are out in a bar .
A girl in a pink dress steps carefully over a puddle .
A dog swims in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A young boy playing with a snowbank .
Four people with painted faces stand outside of a building .
A blond girl with orange and blue streaks on her face in a crowd .
A woman and two children prepare a kite .
A man in a blue shirt is smiling and holding a sign .
A man in a raincoat is standing in the rain .
On a football field , there is a player in a red jersey and the crowd is behind him .
Two little girls walk out into the sunshine .
A man is cooking pies in the oven .
A young girl smiles for the camera while holding a large trophy .
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people .
A man in green is holding a hose that is connected to an airplane .
A person is flying in the air with a building to the left of him .
A person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills .
A man wearing snowshoes is walking up a hill as another person walks nearby him .
Man in gray shirt throws a football into the air .
The blue ball rolls steadily towards the pins .
A glass blower uses a cylinder on the ground to shape a piece of glass he is blowing .
A person sitting on tan bench and man in green shirt standing on black and gray floor .
A man fishes under a large tree .
A brown and white dog with a black collar and gold tag licking the snow from its nose .
Crowd of people enjoy a concert .
Lady doing a gymnastic move while bending backwards and holding a purple ribbon .
A man on a phone stands before a seated man .
two gray dogs fighting over a red toy .
A man stands in front of a vegetable display .
Four school children walk to school wearing warm apparel .
Some men are working on a scaffolding at the front of a building .
A woman is running a marathon in a park .
Some men are mowing hay in a field .
Two men in protective gear weld with bright sparks .
The dog is running along a path that has been made through the uncut grass .
A man walking with a cane .
An older man who appears to be in his sixty 's , seems to be doing some type of magical form of play with three children and an adult female , being his targeted group .
People moving along a crowded street while children are watching .
Many people at an outdoor gathering with a guy and girl in the foreground .
A crowd mills about in a advertisement infested skyline .
A man drives a motorbike while another man falls off of it and into the mud .
A man stretching in an urban environment .
Three children stand on a pedestal indicating first , second , and third place .
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean .
A laborer is using a hammer and chisel to make carvings into wood .
a dog having fun with a tennis ball
a woman is crouched using her laptop on a busy sidewalk
A man walks his black dog down the cement steps where a woman dressed in black sits .
a lot of kids swimming in the river
A young African-American man is wearing a denim jacket and a sideways cap talking into a microphone in a dark club .
A man and a woman are walking down a sandy path .
Several young girls , dressed in similar white and maroon outfits are playing their instruments while walking down the street .
a black dog plays with a ball in the water .
Two blond children are carrying cookies .
a little girl hugging a huge egg
People enjoying a cold but sunny day in the park .
Guys digging around a tree in the ground .
A crosscountry skier grimaces as he climbs a slight incline .
A group of people at a large outdoor concert , wearing red and white , with a Canadian maple leaf shirt in the foreground .
a man in a dark outfit and sunglasses is riding a mountain bike through a forest near a stream .
A little girl in a blue jeans vest is running across the grass and laughing .
A young man and a young lady both in green aprons and black visors .
A man takes salad out of a bowl while he sits at a table with other plates , a woman , a glass of wine , and a decorative curtain behind him .
Everybody ( including the catcher and guys in the dugout ) watch where the ball goes after it is hit by the batter .
A man waits by the side of the road , near a body of water .
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset .
A man lays on the grass with a cover on his eyes while a bird walks by .
Two jazz musicians are wearing yellow suits and performing on stage .
A woman and a man playing instruments .
One young girl is braiding colored cord into another girls hair .
A man rides a bicycle with his arm outstretched .
People are chatting each other .
Some people with black belts , or black and red belts , are performing martial arts on a green mat .
Man hangs up picture of tree as woman looks on .
A man in athletic gear is jumping and kneeing another man in the head and chest .
A few people and cars out on their daily commute on a rainy day .
A soccer player wearing the number 32 and a referee holding a yellow flag .
A group of people in white stand with white goats .
A woman in white and a baby girl are sitting in a lawn chair .
One cook watching another cook grill chicken .
a young girl doing gymnastics on the shore of a beach while another is walking deeper into the beach .
A person with long blond-hair , white shirt , and black pants holds a plate with a colorful burger on it .
A young man is brushing his teeth in front of a mirror .
A girl playing a violin along with a group of people
Two men talking on a baseball diamond .
Two people jetskiing on a blue jet ski .
A group of women hugging each other
African boys hanging out on the sand outside .
A female softball player hit the ball and is running towards first base .
A red race car marked with the number seven is driven by a man in a blue and beige shirt .
A man in a black shirt mans a sidewalk cafe facing the sidewalk in an urban area .
a large woman puts her sunglasses on .
A little girl of Asian descent , is sitting in a black bucket eating a marshmallow , with a big smile on her face .
A young woman reads a book on a park bench .
A black dog is jumping up , biting a man 's padded arm .
A little girl getting her shoes cleaned by a man .
A child is riding a plastic horse at an amusement park .
A group of children , riding bikes , wait on the edge of a skateboarding bowl , while a woman in a white shirt pushes a child in a stroller and a man in a woman sit in brown lawn chairs .
The two dogs are running on the grass .
A brown dog swims back to shore after retrieving a yellow tennis ball .
Two men in black shirts are fighting over a waffle .
a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field .
Man skateboarding
People looking at a painting of Cher .
A hiker walks down a rocky path towards land with water .
A girl with a blue Mohawk is walking .
A woman wearing a red costume plays an instrument against a brick wall .
There are two women , and one is zipping the other one 's dress .
Two women in skimpy outfits are posing to have their picture taken .
A young man is riding his blue bike .
A woman crouches and takes a picture of another woman holding her hand to her head .
Men in uniform work together .
A black dog has its mouth open while leaning to the side .
Two woman dancing outside .
A black dog is carrying a black stick in the grass .
A man in a black and yellow outfit has just kicked a soccer ball , with another player watching in the background .
Two people standing on a roof while another climbs a ladder .
A black dog with a red collar is jumping in the water .
Two small girls , one in black , the other in white , walking down a paved path .
A man with an Afro is skating on a vert ramp
A small child is holding a brush at a sink .
The teenager jumps up high in front of the river .
A group of people are sitting in a restaurant with orange chairs .
A group of people walking together .
Four people ride in an outdoor elevator .
Girl pushing boat with a pole in the water
Time lapse of many people crossing a street in front of a large group of billboards .
Group of casually dressed people , walking towards a large sea vessel .
A little boy has gown down an orange slide .
a skateboarder in a green shirt is taking a jump of a step in front of a pink building .
Here is a picture of a woman getting helped by a man in climbing a tree .
A dark-haired girl standing in front of a performing band .
Man in black shirt and jeans , laughing and talking with girl in white .
A band plays bathed in stage lights .
A jogger is going down a street while the sun is low on the horizon .
A person wearing clothes with a floral pattern leans on a trashcan cage .
A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal .
An unidentified curved street with three people walking away from the camera .
A group of people wearing purple shirts and name tags is walking somewhere .
A trio of guitarists , dressed all in black , play their instruments .
Some people are examining wines on a table .
A man walks down an empty street next to a market .
A child is throwing a baseball into a net .
The motocross bike spits gravel as its brightly attired rider pursues his adversary .
This dish is very tasty and I enjoy this dish
A woman wearing a white skirt peeking into the window of a closed business .
an adult and 4 children making crafts at a table
A pair of young women with an easel give a lecture to a young audience .
a person waving long red flags
Group of muslim Girls Standing .
A little girl crying on a statue .
Two soccer players , one in black and one in red , with the one in black attempting to steal the ball .
A professional cameraman on the sidelines of a sporting field is filming .
A raft hanging from a rope over the ocean .
Four school aged kids are playing dodgeball in the gym
A man in a black suit surfs on a wave .
A runner is being handed a water bottle from a woman in a teal jacket holding an umbrella .
Face off with a ref mid-hockey game in an arena .
The young girl is happily standing inside the house .
A street dancer twirls on his head in front of a crowd while being filmed .
A shirtless man in dirty black boots dips his hands into a bucket .
A child is sitting on a counter helping prepare something to eat by holding a Sunbeam Beatermix mixer waiting to pour in an yellow egg yolk .
Two hockey players on opposing teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey , are standing on the rink .
A couple stands close at the water 's edge .
A man in stripes , a woman in sunglasses , and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building .
A girls ' volleyball team is in a huddle .
Four people sitting on a couch , in the center is a young woman in a black dress smiling at the camera .
Bicyclists are in the street as a crowd watches them ride by a banner that say " London 2012 " .
Two kids play on a playground structure .
A little girl is sitting on a chair or couch with her head on the arm .
A woman wearing a purple shirt and holding a tennis racket in her hand is looking up .
A black man in a chef 's coat is on the phone while two other men in aprons laugh .
A woman in a white shirt and gray skirt if standing under a white umbrella .
A Chinese woman rakes her garden while wearing a traditional Chinese farming hat .
A female biker dressed in red uses a communication device while another walks by .
A young child is held above a man 's head as her hair flies in the air .
An extreme biker against a tree , in silhouette .
An old man with a white beard tills the ground .
Young boy in red jacket doing a handstand on a sports field .
A little white girl is bouncing on a trampoline indoor while others are watching .
A black horse with a white on his forehead and nose , running .
Dad enjoying with his in the swimming pool .
An adult couple is talking with a younger girl , and they are all smiling .
A girl in a pink striped shirt is in front of an armoire .
A guy in a plaid shirt riding his bike on a sidewalk .
Three belly dancers posing .
Two women , one with a black and red helmet and the other with a white helmet with a star , that are skating .
A young man playing the guitar
A man cheers on his sports team in the streets of his city .
A guy cuts wood in little pieces in the snow .
Five men are playing lacrosse on a field .
A group of people are walking through the streets .
A bunch of bikes racing on a track .
A man wearing a raincoat and a white hat is sweeping outside on wet brick floors .
A person in red rock climbing , a mountain in the background .
A smiling group posing together .
The man in a blue shirt is holding a camera near to a boy wearing a backpack .
A man and woman with blond-hair stand behind a display of flowers .
A young boy reaching and jumping .
a man plays his white guitar .
A person snowboarding in the late afternoon sun .
Two small white and brown dogs bound in unison .
Young children playing in a pile of toilet paper .
A Spanish looking woman carries a heavy red bag slouched over her shoulder .
A woman frowns and looks into the distance .
A couple hugs as people walk buy at an outdoor event .
A man is carrying a trash barrel past a statue of an angel .
A woman is exercising in a tropical setting .
Eight men are standing on a stage playing instruments .
A young man is getting something to eat at a donut concession stand .
A woman on a cellphone and a woman in a skirt walking together .
Two men playing electric guitars , both have beards , and the girl in between them may be a singer .
A boy on a play horse at the park points to the slide .
A man is standing inside a subway train with his mouth wide open .
A woman wearing sunglasses is listening to a Walkman and smoking a cigarette .
A young blond-haired woman wearing blue jeans and black sweater , applying facial makeup .
A tan dog leaps into the water .
A man wearing a suit with a name tag stands reading in front of a microphone as a screen behind him displays a presentation .
Three workers pouring fresh concrete .
A man jumps near a water fountain .
A man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back .
A lady stands at her ice cream stand .
A child in a blue shirt running under a fountain .
A woman in a white bikini rides a bicycle , people walk and cycle behind her .
A worker is cutting down the limbs of a tree by using a special tool .
A woman taking a picture while enjoying a glass of wine .
Two children lie beneath the hoof of a bronze horse sculpture .
A crowd is watching a dancing act in a foreign country .
Two older men wearing swim trunks are walking in the water .
A man is talking on his cellphone while standing in front of bleachers .
A man sitting on a fence with his legs wrapped around a woman standing in front of him .
a woman sitting on a large brown couch in the middle of a mall
Man holding crying baby in chair near window .
A couple hugs while holding a plastic tiger .
two children riding horses in a rural setting while playing lacrosse
A man in a jean jacket is sleeping on the floor .
A motocross biker is standing and riding his yellow and red motorcycle .
An individual is walking out of an place .
Four boys jumping into an inground pool .
A young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park .
A man and a woman at a meal , with a dog between them .
Six people box apples in a grassy fields with leaves turning colors in the background .
A girl in a pink , green , blue and white dress and headband carrying a white bag across her right shoulder and another white bag in her left hand .
A teenage girl in athletic clothing stands in a truck bed .
A bicyclist getting ready to cross a street .
A white-bearded man rides a bike next to a city bus .
Two gentlemen in baseball caps and shirts , work on the engine of an old , rusted VW beetle .
A group of men playing Lacrosse at night .
An old Chinese man smokes besides a field of grass .
Man in black tux singing his solo part in the performance .
This bandana clad woman is looking down at something while people are all around her .
Several people on a busy street or perhaps at a fair .
A dirt biker is taking a large jump wearing a yellow suit .
The man is wearing gloves and holding a hawk in his hands .
Two young girls wrapped in tinsel , posing for a holiday photo .
The baby sees something that excites him as he is being carried through the city by Dad .
A young man is looking at photos on his computer , sitting at a desk .
Three women sitting on a bench waiting for the bus .
The man in the suit is standing near the naked sculpture .
Jumping a bicycle onto a park bench .
a bald man monitors a woman at a shooting range , both wearing sound muffling headphones , as she prepares to fire a gun .
Men carrying guns and flags marching in formation .
A train sitting at a station .
A tan woman with yellow sunglasses .
A man is shooting a blue basketball .
A little boy standing high in the air on a rock .
Lots of people play in the water at the beach .
A group of people waving a flag on stage
A woman in a revealing plaid miniskirt and small blouse is smiling while walking down a street .
a little kid licking a blue lollipop in the shape of a heart .
People waving American flags while in winter clothes .
A group of kids are raising their hands .
Two people relax by the water .
Two senor citizens talking on a public street .
A group of men in Bavarian-style clothing stand with steins of beer against a corn-looking backdrop , in an apparently Oktoberfest-themed event .
Soccer players hold each other and face towards the crowd .
Baby sitting in blue plastic pool while water drips onto its hands .
A man wearing a straw hat and a blue shirt is standing in the water at a beach and is dragging out a red net .
Two men wearing suits and glasses are talking to each other , while one of them points his finger at the other .
A woman in white and a man in a black suit cutting cake together .
A bus occupied by asians .
Two dogs running in the surf .
A man taking pictures using his zoom lenses .
A man wearing a black shirt leans over a pool table to take a shot .
A crowd in which some masked men are holding an apparent protest .
A group of three friends are conversing inside of a home .
A boy is wading through water .
A man holds a small child on a tree limb .
Black school boys in uniforms make deals with a white man under the garage door .
A blue van piled high with sacks on its roof travels down a country road .
An unhappy looking girl wearing a pink skirt and a boy with a white t-shirt are sitting on a couch .
A woman dressed in an angel outfit .
A man in an orange t-shirt and white wristbands plays tennis .
Two people are in a river , one is a standing man and the other appears to be a child lying on his stomach with his chest and head above the water .
A man is on a small boat with his hand on the boat 's motor .
Black and white man boxing .
A wrestler jumping and pointing at the mat .
A woman in orange performs with puppets while a little boy in a monkey costume walks by .
Korean students are listening to their teacher .
Two players hustle during a soccer game .
A young man watches as a Jenga tower tumbles .
A woman with red-hair is singing .
Barefoot women on a stage wearing similar cultural outfits dancing .
A woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus .
An Asian man in short shorts and knee pads jogs down the street .
A black-haired baby in a yellow jumper smiling happily at whomever is taking the picture .
A young black male wearing a white shirt and ball cap is paddling a small boxy looking blue boat with his hands across a body of water .
One man in a room during the day doing a handstand .
A male is riding a bicycle in uneven terrain .
A football player in a yellow jersey is pushing away another player .
a young girl jumping into a pool while another stands on the side with an innertube .
A woman dressed as a barmaid leans over while smoking .
A man with a white dress shirt shuffles cards next to a lady in a brown shirt .
A family , from young to old , is sitting on the living room floor playing Monopoly .
An older Indian woman is sitting near some drawings .
A middle-aged bearded man in a T-shirt has a spider web and spiders painted on his face .
A little girl in a yellow summer sundress is in something that could be a black toddler swing .
A motorcycle racer speeds around a track .
A woman is helping a young girl draw a rainbow .
A snowboarder grabbing the snowboard while in the air on a snowy mountain .
A chef cooking some food while two people watch .
Two men on a dock preparing freshly caught fish .
Three people are practicing their shot put game indoors .
A person in blue on a bike in midair .
A person in a blue sweater working on a large rock being held up by wood planks .
A young gymnast practicing before a match .
A muslim woman is walking down the street .
A local policeman standing in front of the counter with complete equipments belted to his waist .
A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on ramps in front of a crowd .
Three cowboys grabbing a bull by the horns and wrestling it .
one dog lying down while another jumps over him
Two men hiking in the snowy wilderness .
A waiting lounge with passengers waiting around on blue seating .
A man in a gray shirt is bobbing for apples .
A pack of Pugs .
Three women in matching black and yellow dresses and a woman with orange hair .
Three men are riding on an elephant with a shack in the background and two of them are wearing hats .
A boy dress in a yellow and black mask is looking at a man in a blue t-shirt .
A person dressed up like a robot walking in a parade .
A man in a brown hat walks down a sidewalk .
Man in blue jacket sells cart of turnips in busy open market .
A man in a red shirt bending over outside an empty building .
A group of less than twenty young people are seen gathered together in some sort of rec or community room .
A baby on his knees next to a vending machine on the sidewalk .
A young blond boy brushing his teeth in front of a mirror .
A large number of people gather around a body of water .
Two people having a discussion outside .
Two men bike racing around a track .
A man hits a tennis ball during a professional match .
A dog chases a sheep in an enclosure .
A group of people on a mountainside putting on snowshoes in the winter time .
A little girl blowing bubbles .
A black man is making wood carvings .
Woman and tall man both call on their cellphones .
A woman giving a presentation using a slideshow projection .
Two older men dressed in business coats stand contemplatively outside of a stone building .
Mother and child walk down the trail at a leisurely pace .
Six males playing a game in the sand with wooden paddles .
Boy jumping steps with skateboard
A woman walks hand-in-hand with a little boy who looks like he 's pulling out a wedgie
A man studies something beneath a microscope .
Two blond models pose with a man under an umbrella .
A family stands in a paved courtyard in an park in fall .
There is a view of the beach with a person with a fruit basket hat in the foreground .
A woman in a purple bikini sunbathes on a towel beside water .
The reunion is in full swing with a moon bounce .
A man is happily giving out announcements .
Two women in hats are standing in front of onlookers , one is playing a violin and the other is playing an accordion .
A person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall .
A man in a blue dress shirt and jeans sits on concrete steps outside of a bank .
One person is observing two people who are sitting on a brick bench looking through items taken from a yellow bucket .
a young girl and a woman smile for the camera .
A man is standing next to butchered pigs .
A man is riding a donkey in a competition
A large , golden colored dog is walking through water .
There are a few tents , one blue and one white , at a small street market .
A scientist in a lab points to a computer screen while one of his co-workers looks on .
A big telescope is set on road .
Two men having a conversation in front of a large city background .
A man playing his guitar on the street , surrounded by buildings and streetlights .
A girl is sitting on the beach and staring at the ocean .
A child playing tee ball .
Two women in dresses pose on a street .
A group of people outside playing drums and walking down the street wearing black and blue clothes .
A man singing into a microphone with a large " Truth " banner behind him .
A barefoot woman wearing a tank top looking at toys in an aisle at a store .
Man making a funny pose in front of an Asian building .
Two rescue workers stare off into the distance while standing in a red boat .
A large truck parked near a garage that says perfumes on the front .
Paramedics are rescuing a man on a walkway .
Three men stand still on a dock next to two boats .
A small child practices golf .
Two boys wearing costumes , playing with swords .
A frowning elderly person is walking and carrying a plastic bag
A child sleds .
Teenagers are looking out the window of a bus .
A woman wearing jeans and a blue top walking past a flower .
A group of men are riding on a blue truck in the desert with bags and hats and ladders and other things hanging off of it .
A black woman with a hat on is weighing fruits and vegetables .
Men with reflective jackets stand between crowds of people .
The silhouette of three people in front of a wall .
Maintenance worker cleaning the side of a red and white train .
The bridal party poses with the bride and groom , all wearing black except for the bride .
Two female cheerleaders lifted into the air by male cheerleaders during a cheer .
A young girl rides a bicycle past a cafe .
A couple sharing an umbrella walk down the sidewalk , passing more people on the street .
The cowboy in blue is trying not to be thrown off of the horse .
A boy in a yellow jacket holding a red pot .
A man in a white shirt and black pants stands with his left hand on top of his head .
Seven young girls are being creative and making posters .
Man in shower with shampoo in his hair , toothbrush in mouth and shaving his face .
A line of people wearing helmets and carrying shields stands beside toppled over cars .
A welder is welding on a pipe with sparks flying .
Two girls play at a park .
A man is walking on a paved surface backdropped by a large art mural .
a girl waits to cross the street while comforting a baby in a stroller .
A man in a white shirt slides through the sand towards a man in a blue uniform and hat holding a sporting glove out towards him .
This picture depicts looking up at a rock climber .
A young man in a blue shirt reads off of a stand in a highly ornate church .
A group of men paint on a series of canvasses in front of a brick wall on a public street .
A white dog is running through the snow .
Group of people standing on sidewalk in an Asian marketplace .
A person on a bike flies through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame .
Five people are working in a field full of tall dry brush .
A small child around eight years old sits on top of a rock , overlooking a picturesque forest below him .
A man in a yellow shirt and cowboy hat is holding a rope that is holding horses .
Military men in blue and red suits stand in the street .
Two older men playing soccer with four children that are trying to score a goal .
A woman standing on an incline with a red bag .
Two bicyclers in spandex and blue and yellow helmets riding past graffiti .
A person wrings out a mop in a janitor 's bucket .
A firefighter is working at a fire .
Two children swing around on a carnival ride .
A man in a green room is standing on a diving board and cleaning with a long mop .
Two dogs running through tall grass .
The men shake hands while another man and dogs look on .
A tired old man in a tan outfit relaxing by a fountain in the park .
four musicians , singing and playing instrument .
Three female runners are competing in a race .
A man conducting with a woman holding a book .
A guy bending over checking under some stage lights .
A passerby with a bike looking at a mime on the street .
a man wearing a coat and scarf reads aloud on stage .
A child is climbing a step at a playground .
A girl runs through sprinklers on a lawn .
A woman reading something off of a binder .
A woman talking on a cellphone in the city .
A crowd of people collects around a street performer with a glowing eye who is holding a guitar .
Man with Adidas gym bag walking down sidewalk .
There four older people three are males and one is a lady and they all look lost .
A little girl in jeans runs across the green field .
a young child in blue jeans sliding down a blue slide
A man holds a ball in the air for a brown dog to catch on the beach .
A fireman is on the roof of the house .
sleds sled down the street
Man carving turkey on a table .
Five kids wearing orange and brown uniforms playing soccer .
A man and a boy riding brown horses are roping a white steer in a corral .
A young man in a blue shirt is cutting a piece of meat on a kitchen counter .
A baseball player runs while a member of the opposing team stretches to catch the ball .
a man standing behind a black dog with a red collar
A black man in an orange safety vest consults a handheld computer at a train yard .
A girl with face paint and an orange sweater stands with her party .
Lady in a stuffed animal store .
A man in a blue swimming gear is skiing near a wave in the water .
There is a bicycle race with a few people watching .
A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street .
Two men are having a conversation in a cathedral or mosque .
A child trying to catch a Frisbee .
Two colorfully dressed people walk down a sidewalk into the camera .
A group of 4 checks out small pond .
The band is practicing before the championship game .
A man in a suit and dirty dress-shoes is lying on the street on pieces of cardboard with his eyes closed .
Three men in black and yellow competitive sports clothing , carrying short field hockey sticks , with a man dressed in bulky goalie gear over his shins and hands .
An Asian man and woman in a produce market .
A little girl is practicing karate with people in the background .
A man with a yellow shirt and gold sun mask on his face .
Two soldiers stand with children .
Girl wearing black shops in a supermarket .
Two people sitting on a bench with their dog next to a body of water .
A man is crosscountry skiing on a beautiful day .
Men in hard hats working with a large gold machine doing roadwork .
A woman in a pink scarf , purple sweater , green shirt , holding two boys , both in striped shirts , walking in a city park .
people standing in front of a meal truck waiting for their orders
A girl is walking on the sidewalk with a mural on the wall next to her .
A woman walks through an airport .
Three firefighters , the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand .
Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .
People come and go from as several carry bags from a nearby shopping center .
A man striking a ballet pose on a rooftop .
The man in the white coat is trying to diagnose the problem so that he can fix it and get the machine running again .
Four cheerleaders , dressed in bright blue sweatshirts , black short shorts and knee socks , perform in the middle of a basketball court .
People looking at vegetables at an outdoor market .
Two men are having a conversation while sitting on the patio .
A blond woman is writing on a piece of paper .
A man is jogging in the street .
Yong man with cellphone and goatee holding Obama sign
A group of children are standing in a circle holding hands .
A man in black bathing trunks dives into water .
Two women involved in either the preparation or sale of something in yellow bags .
A woman with red shoes sitting on a bench having a cigarette .
A man is lighting a marijuana roach .
A dark-haired boy is smiling as a dark-haired girl buries him in the sand .
Man in a black long-sleeve shirt jumping on what looks like a cliff .
Four individuals are all gathered around a coffee table with a pink flower on it and sitting on sofa chairs .
Three young girls in white dresses run towards a fountain .
A person wearing a blue shirt and khaki pants climbing in a tree .
A tan dog dragging a deflated innertube down the beach .
A man and woman dancing the tango in ballroom attire .
The two grandma is talking to each other .
A girl wearing a white hooded sweater is sitting on the ground .
A little girl eating a sucker .
In front of a brick wall , an Indian man is playfully kicking at another man with an Indian woman spectating in the background .
A girl taking a picture of a crocodile coming up towards her on a boat .
The three people are talking to each other
A dog standing on his hind legs has his head and front paws on the kitchen counter .
Various passengers on a bus look out the window or into the distance .
Two people dressed in fencing gear are sword fighting .
A man photographing a large concrete wall .
They are practicing for the band for the parade .
Three men are sitting on a beach dressed in orange with refuse carts in front of them .
A group of men hold a drum over their heads with a man standing on it .
After falling down into the snow , a young woman takes a photo of her friends in the distance .
Three men playing music outside .
Two guys setting up some kind of canopy near the waters ' edge .
A group of people are sitting together outside of cubicles .
A brown dog is walking on the grass .
Man in black hat and woman in pink dress walk down city street outside a bar .
A smiling young man with glasses and wearing a t-shirt sits at a table eating what appears to be a salad , with a red bowl of salad , a drink , and other food nearby .
Police in riot gear , walking in formation .
A man and a woman wearing coats are facing standing outside facing each other , but not looking at each other .
Some men are playing ball on the beach .
An arrow pointing at a man in a white hat who is walking by .
A group of people outside at night in an Asian city or neighborhood .
A woman in a blue plaid shirt and sunglasses scratches her face as she walks down the street .
A man is chopping an onion in a kitchen .
Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel .
A young man doing a swan dive into a swimming pool .
This man is jumping up in the air on a rock bridge .
A man in a yellow t-shirt is using a blowtorch on metal scaffolding .
A girl climbs a rock wall .
Here is a picture of a man with long hair in a ponytail who works at this state park .
Men in orange safety vests pulling vehicle out of a ditch .
A woman wearing a yellow shirt holding a baby wearing blue and white striped shirt .
A guy is running away from a black bull .
Costumed revelers enjoy a cloudy day at the park .
A woman riding a horse buggy .
A bunch of asian children on steps .
A lady with a hurt hand is cashing out her purchases at the grocery mart by a cashier in a black and red jacket .
A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a Canon camera .
A skydiver in a yellow parachute prepares for landing .
Several people dressed in red are sitting and standing on grass .
Man in dark business suit , sitting by a marble water fountain , wearing eyeglasses and talking on his cellphone with newspaper on his lap .
Two men dressed in white shirts are standing at a party .
A muddy biker drops into a wooden ramp .
A snowboarder doing a jump off a hill .
A female dancer stands on-stage behind a male dancer and both extend their left arm .
A woman on a scooter with a cigarette hanging out of her mouth .
A person in orange climbs a sheer cliff face covered in snow and ice .
A man in a hard hat is operating a digger .
A woman is sitting in a man 's lap in a brown armchair .
A guy on skateboard , doing a trick .
A band playing on stage , with one man on keyboards and the other playing a red guitar .
A group of young people at a event with their hands raised high in the air .
A man , boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards .
In a park a kid is chasing pigeons and two men are walking
A football player from the Sooners is about to be taken down by the opposing team in a game .
A tennis player in red clothing is holding up her tennis racket .
Three men , two of whom are wearing white jumpsuits , stand together talking on a boat .
Stairs crowded with several people
This car is leaving a dust trail as it travels along a dirt road in a wooded area .
Young boys are hanging out on the sidewalk next to trees , while one boy is exploring the dirt around the tree .
A couple takes a break from dancing .
A man with a gray shirt , is in an office working on his computer .
People carrying umbrellas in the rain .
A man sitting on the ground props his feet up against the railing .
A woman making a sand sculpture of a horse 's head .
A red-haired girl , wearing a gray shirt , is playing on a tire swing along with her friend , whom is wearing a pink shirt .
A muscular runner takes place in a marathon in the rain while spectators watch from under umbrellas .
A young man is performing gymnastics to impress a young woman .
A group of women walk down the street all carrying open umbrellas to protect them from the rain coming down from the sky .
A nun hands a man a napkin .
A guy in a white hat and glasses is eating .
Barefoot boys play soccer in front of an African river with colorful boats .
Two men stop to talk near a sign outside .
The man in the yellow canoe is in a large wave .
A woman standing outside leaning against a shovel which is in a bucket as she stairs at a man with a green cap .
A small child throws a shovel full of snow .
A man is shoveling dirt and wearing a construction helmet .
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .
Two children playing on a metal slide .
A family of three in the park dad and mom are smiling with their little baby .
A brown dog is standing in a river with its head turned looking behind .
A girl looking toward science equipment in a lab setting .
A hard working man speaks his mind into his megaphone .
Two black males are posing for a picture with winter clothes on .
Two woman are sweeping a street .
The larger child will help put on the smaller child 's shoes .
A man is smoking a cigarette while ironing some clothes .
The two kids are looking at a sign .
The man in shorts holds the girl 's hand as he leads her along the fence .
A baseball player in a white uniform is catching a ball near the wall .
Child playing in a snow mound in the street .
A black and white dog , on a green field , barking at the camera .
A stylish looking woman leans against a cafe wall smoking a cigarette and looking at her phone while a pregnant woman walks through the background .
A coke truck and a little girl .
One young girl is holding a baseball bat over her shoulder
A young boy eating an enchilada .
Small boy in blue shirt swings happily .
A middle eastern woman is weaving cloth on a loom .
A man in a black shirt plays the acoustic guitar in front of a red brick wall .
An African american man wearing a cowboy hat playing the guitar .
A boy wearing all black is sliding down a blow up yellow slide .
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel .
A young woman in jeans stands on a window ledge , cleaning a window .
two men standing outside next to a building .
A man wearing a red shirt is reaching out for his hat that fell while he is walking a tightrope .
A black and white bird getting ready to land on the water .
There are 2 people in a bike race .
A young boy with black hair and sneakers is skipping over painted figures on an asphalt surface .
The helmeted boy is doing a stunt on a skateboard .
A young man and woman both in brown shirts sitting and laughing .
A mother watches over her daughter as she sits on the branch of a tree .
A young asian woman wearing long shorts and a gray collared t-shirt is sitting on a wooden bench .
A woman wearing a white tank top is brushing her hair out of her face with her hand .
An older gentleman is looking at a bicycle tire .
A group of children listening to a teacher read a story in the library .
A man ironing a tribal looking piece of attire as a woman watches and two others go about their business .
A hot girl talking to her friends while walking .
A man with a blue helmet is on a motorcycle on a blue skied day .
The men are walking away from the rocks with a child .
A diver in a blue dive suit is sitting on a bench on a side of a boat preparing to go into the water .
Two ladies in casual dresses are walking down a street at night , while a couple of men stand next to a row of motorbikes .
A little girl in a purple polka-dot shirt is standing at a school table , experimenting with electric circuits .
Two teenage girls hold a card referring to periods as they smile .
In this photo we have a heavy metal rock group with four guys that have long hair , tattoos and beards , as one sits on a log the other three are playing their air guitars .
Several people walking past a food cart on a city street .
A couple of Indians sitting in front of a computer .
Group of people standing in the town square looking up .
A young boy , wearing a chef 's hat and apron , is cutting sausages in a kitchen .
Three women on the street drinking and posing
Three men performing on a stage with smoke .
A woman in a white dress holding a bunch of red flowers .
A man with a tan jacket is welding while wearing a mask .
A wedding that is being held in a beautiful wooden church .
Two wet , black dogs are running through some sand .
A boy jumps 5 stairs on a fold-up scooter .
Kids climb a rocky surface .
A blond woman wearing a white top and black bottoms pushes a black stroller while a brunette male wearing a gray t-shirt and white shorts walks a brown dog .
A woman in a purple shirt selling kettle corn .
A man is standing outside a building dressed in black and white while holding a white helmet .
A city street is lined with parked motorcycles .
A runner in a yellow and black running suit and black running shoes stands at his mark prepared to run a race .
A woman is getting her shoes shined by a boy while an older man is sweeping up around , in an urban setting .
A group of children playing and having a good time .
A man is firing a handgun at a shooting range .
Two dogs wrestle outdoors .
A man in a white jacket is cutting up food in an outdoor venue .
Young female child swinging in a swing with a sippy cup .
A father and son kicking a ball at a park .
People crowd around a street filled with colorful buses .
A man holding a white hard hat running .
A person is writing on a chalkboard in a empty classroom .
Person playing piano that has mermaid painting on the side
Two children play in the water by a pier and building .
A dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water .
A brown dog runs over a dirt and grass background .
A young man in a white shirt is singing with a band .
A man in a hat is playing a stringed instrument on a sidewalk
Sledding down a snow covered hill on a sled , with trees and mountains in the background .
Two youthful street performers play guitar and bongos on the street .
A old woman and man posing for a picture .
A man wearing dark sunglasses is jumping his bike over a road , in a forest .
A person stands beside a boat , on a dock , looking out across a lake that reflect trees in the distance .
A soccer goalie in the air after catching the soccer ball .
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall .
Two Bicyclist riding on a street with trees and high rises .
A little boy in a bright green jacket eating ice cream on a bench with another kid .
The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .
Two dogs play together in the snow .
A man walking by tables with blue chairs and blue umbrellas near a sign for a spa .
Two small dark-skinned children surveying a dump with green trees in the background .
He is singing while playing the guitar .
A lady with a striped shirt is about to give a bath to a baby she is holding across her lap , in front of a little blue bathtub .
A black boy and white boy in swimming trunks are hugging each other on a beach or lake .
A boy is sitting in a spherical chair reading a book in a room with a wooden floor and books in the foreground .
Backpackers are walking along a trail
A closeup of a brown dog in front of a building .
An elderly oriental woman with a cane sits on a stone post in front of a stone building .
Two skydivers landing with their parachutes open .
A light blue car stopped outside with all its doors open .
A mountain bike racer jumps his bike as spectators watch .
Skateboarder performs a stunt on an uphill residential street .
People sitting down , walking around and , taking pictures outside of a building .
A little girl on a carousel .
Several people walk past tents with lanterns set up on the street .
This lady go for a jogging in the morning .
2 guys facing away from camera , 1 girl smiling at camera with blue shirt , 1 guy with a beverage with a jacket on .
The girl is wiping her shoes .
A band is performing on a stage .
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .
The man is standing on the street surounded by buildings .
Two men on horseback rope a calf in a pen .
Whole families , including children , donned hard hats to observe the rig on the edge of town .
A little boy playing baseball goes for the ball on the ground .
Tourists mingle on a street .
A man dressed in traditional Amish clothing is working with wood .
A man in a truck , with sheep in the background and a little boy looking out the window of the truck , appears to be preparing to pour the contents of a sack into some kind of funnel .
A very pretty girl , in a pink sweater is eating and ice cream cone .
A group of men protesting with signs that say ; " PM construction services . "
A man sliding on a concrete bench on his snowboard as people watch
An elderly woman is crying while sitting in a window .
A man in a black striped shirt is erasing a chalkboard while facing it .
A man with his arms outspread who looks like he is filled with ecstatic joy is jumping vigorously from old , weathered , yellowed stairs as a man in a green shirt beneath him is lying on his back and seeming to be photographing him or making a video of what is happening .
two girls walking in the street
A girl playing in the sink with toys and some potentially dangerous household chemicals .
Workers , adorning hard hats , are helping to complete a project .
A man stands in behind a tray of small toys .
Lady sledding with a child .
Five young , handsome men hanging out of scaffolding .
Two little boys are sitting in a chair outdoors .
A group of people outside having their picture taken
A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .
A group of four young children , three girls and one boy are sitting on the floor inside , with a bottle of water in front of the girl wearing glasses .
The line of waiting people is very long .
A man in a white shirt talks to a group of seven children .
He has very wide verity of hats to sell .
A bicyclist with a green shirt rides through the woods
Two women and a man are looking at a book .
Three football players and two are fighting for the ball .
Two children having a karate match .
A girl runs in front of a wheelbarrow .
A tennis player hits the ball and makes a serious face .
A brown dog with a green ball sit in the snow .
A dirt bike racer jumps over a slope .
A man is sitting in a chair with his foot propped up on a cabinet , talking into a microphone .
Two women are eating out of several white dishes .
A blond woman , on a green outdoor mat , plays ball with a teammate .
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops .
A woman in white jeans , and man in black shorts look opposite ways near a stand .
Man with sandals taking picture of large building .
Two women in traditional European dress sit on a stoop , one drinking , the other reading .
A group of people are conversing with one another .
Two women laughing as they are wet .
An elderly woman sits on a park bench under the shade of a tree .
A group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .
Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it .
Mom with child looking at blue fish .
Woman hangs on tree limb .
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog .
Four people look over a scenic vista , while the woman in the group with a green hat talks to her friend on the left .
A man , standing amongst many people , is wearing a red shirt and a kilt-like ensemble .
A man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water .
A young boy does a one-armed handstand on a concrete .
A group of people in pink shirts help inflate a hot air balloon .
a green John Deere tractor in a field pulling a red trailer .
A person learning how to rock climb with another person assisting .
four people walking on a strip
Woman in nice clothes does not have an umbrella .
A man in a blue jacket working under construction equipment .
A bald man wearing a gray shirt and dark pants walking up a step next to a building in a city .
A woman in a pink dress holding an umbrella and standing on a concrete pillar shushes the camera .
A woman sites on a stone bench while reading a blue book .
A woman holding an umbrella .
A woman wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses .
Two women pull on another coat .
A man and a child in the water , swimming .
A woman examines fabric or clothing in an open-air market .
Hot air balloons are inflated in a field .
Tired , the woman rests her head on her backpack while lying down .
Four male musicians and one female musician are playing instruments outside a house .
Two women are looking at bracelets .
A ballerina posing or dancing with a string of lit Christmas lights wrapped her .
A blond toddler is shown in closeup chewing on a popsicle stick .
A child riding a red and yellow merry-go-round while his feet up in the air .
Man in blue shirt , standing on deck .
A child runs towards a flock of birds .
Men at a rodeo try to tame a bull .
A baseball pitcher on the mound in a black , green and white uniform prepares to release his pitch .
Three men smiling and gesturing .
Woman with tear stained face at a piano .
A brunette interviewing a street artist .
The young boy is laying on his belly in the grass .
Three young boys play outside .
A person climbs a steep mountain .
A photograph taken at night of a street scene and a man looking in the street
A blond girl sitting in a yellow chair texting .
A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back
There is a group of people standing in a construction site .
A whole town participates in a war reenactment in the streets .
A group of men stand behind a red cloth sign .
A man wearing a black t-shirt is walking with a grocery cart in a parking lot .
Two older men are sitting outside under a blue and red umbrella while chatting about the day .
A woman is standing on the sidewalk , in front of a crosswalk .
A band plays a concert for fans .
Woman in a black jacket skinny jeans and tall black boots walking down a sidewalk next to a man in khaki pants with a white shirt walking the opposite direction .
Woman with hat staring in the distance at park with sculpture .
A lady with red-hair is submerged from the neck down in what looks like cold water .
A four person band is playing in a church .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt smile while walking next to cars .
Two older men walk across a field of cropped brown grass , one carrying a clipboard and model plane .
A brown dog is jumping over a grassy mound near to a lake .
Helicopter cameraman taking pictures of the snowboarder .
A mother and daughter standing outside an inflatable gym .
Two people embracing in front of a building with logo on the building that says Monk Kok .
A young girl with a worried look on her face touching a woman 's face who 's keeling down .
A dog shaking itself dry next to a blue Frisbee near to a body of water .
Two dogs are running on some grass .
A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building .
A little baby in a pink hat lying naked and sleeping .
A skier makes a jump with his skis crossed .
A group people enjoy food and drinks at an outdoor party .
A mother holding an infant up against her shoulder in a kitchen .
A group of people are sitting and standing holding a banner that stays , " WE ARE DEMANDING . "
A man sitting on a bench under a large tree .
A white dog and brown dog fighting .
A woman dancing on the beach , with the ocean in the background .
A woman is carrying a child on her back .
Performing is a passion for these dancers .
A short stubby man with a backpack is standing in a forest
A bundled-up toddler in the snow .
A boy in blue swim trunks dives into a swimming pool while two adults look on .
A female swimmer wearing a swim cap and nose clips moves slowly through the water is seen from below .
A group of 5 men in the air in front of a canal and houses .
Two men doing a construction works
A group of people walking on the sidewalk as a dog sits down next to a red fire hydrant .
A man walks on the sidewalk .
A hotel bellboy is pushing a gold colored metal luggage cart filled with various pieces of luggage outside of a fancy hotel .
A child reaches for a bar .
2 women , one wearing a red and white striped shirt and the other in a blue shirt shopping at Target .
A chef working on a cooktop stove that is covered with pots and various utensils .
Large crowd of people wait in line at a bus terminal .
A young Asian girl is sitting on a stool and playing .
An airplane full of people , some of which are wearing masks .
An Olympic winner takes home two medals .
An old lady is sitting next to a Christmas tree with a lampshade on her head , opening another present .
A four wheeler jumping cars .
A man in a hat and shorts is shaking what looks like peanut shells on colorful striped fabric .
A man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .
A number of people are on a moving roller coaster and their reflections are seen in a body of water below them .
Three gentlemen looking at clothes on a store clothes rack .
a biker jumps over a pile of dirt .
Boy watching pigeon on sidewalk .
Twenty four excited teenage girls , posing for a photo at a high school football stadium .
A young boy trying to impress his dad by doing yard work .
A young girl in a black vest jumps .
Athletic woman in red and white uniform throwing shot put .
A young man in his mid twenties is kicking his left foot about two feet off the leaf covered ground , with paved asphalt and green plants and trees in the background .
Student spend their breaks outside enjoying each others company .
A construction worker is sitting on a beam .
Two men are looking through microscopes in a room .
A man in a black shirt and shorts stands in the street with is hands on his hips .
A man sitting on a beach working with netting .
There is lady with the white apron has an utensil standing over a wok , a man in blue shorts and blue shirt sitting down , a person in a pink shirt and others are in the background all in one place .
Lady carrying her child in the river .
A group of men setting at a booth listening to the man standing in a black coat .
Two young ladies are sitting in some yellow flowers and smiling .
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings .
A gathering of people at a small concert .
A few man in uniform looking very serious .
Six Asian women dressed in pastels pose for a picture .
Constructions workers work on a railroad .
A person dressed in red is leaning over their bicycle .
A man in a yellow shirt is singing into a microphone while holding a guitar .
A group of people consisting of three members of the Argentine team standing on a basketball court , with the guy closest to the camera clapping while another player excitedly walks toward him .
Two people are sumo wrestling .
A woman runs up to a juggling man on a tightrope .
There are three colorful boats with a person sitting in the middle one .
Two men one in a yellow shirt with his hat off and the other bent over with his hand near the ground with trees , white buckets and a green field in the background .
This is a street view of the " Hotel Carmel " .
Men doing a war reenactment
A man is photographing children playing with various toys .
A man in a black sweater with a red undershirt playing a trumpet in front of a lighted Christmas tree .
Two women are sitting on a stone bench drinking coffee .
A brown dog is climbing out of the water with a green ball in its mouth .
A woman with brown hair holding a dell box .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumping a green rainling
A woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope .
The woman in the white sweater is painting a tattoo on the teenager 's hand .
A woman in a tank top , walks through a market on her cellphone .
A group of young boys are playing lacrosse outside .
A woman jumps up to avoid a leak from a fermentation tank .
A man and his wife walking hand in hand down the street .
A young skateboarder looks off into the distance .
Woman in black sports bra and shorts standing on an rocky elevation .
A child on the beach while a woman takes pictures nearby .
Guitar player performs at a nightclub red guitar .
Tall Brunette in workout clothes walks with shopping bags
Man and lady walking up grassy lane of castle .
A young boy in a dark shirt is playing a carnival fishing game with an older man standing next to him .
A girl plugging her nose underwater .
A man holds a young boy upside down over a puddle of water .
A priest stands in a pulpit giving a ceremony motioning with his hands in front of stained glass windows in the church .
An African American woman braiding another African American woman 's hair , while sitting in a white chair .
A group of people are swimming in clear , blue water .
One man watching another man operate heavy machinery doing road construction .
a man standing on a street holding a basket besides his head
Two Asian men work on taking a photograph of a tree blossom .
Two men talk about an unidentified man in a photograph in front of an audience .
Man kayaking losing his paddle and falling out of the boat .
A group of people singing at night on a crowded street .
Woman with blond-hair and glasses using a soldering iron .
A group of women in matching outfits surrounds musicians on a street .
Three girls run on a grassy field with a building in the background .
Two people crouching in a dim alley .
The small boy is smiling and holding a small white dog .
Two men are pushing a stroller in an amusement park .
A young girl sits on a rock .
a lone man climbing the side of a large rock wall .
a boy with red soled shoes is playing on a swing .
Hiking in the mountains to have a scenic picnic .
Women are walking , dressed in bright outfits .
An older women in glasses and a white and black shirt working with paints .
Two construction workers sitting on an I-beam .
A horse with a rider on top are jumping over a fence in a equestrian event .
Two people play Settlers of Catan on the floor while another sits on a chair .
A small child climbs ropes hung near a large pole .
Players at football game gather around referee in preparation for action .
A young boy running on a field
Two men with brown hair while using wind instruments stand to the left with one man in the back in a white shirt in the back , while a man in a brown shirt and jeans with short brown hair and a wristwatch on his left wrist is in front with another wind instrument .
A flock of birds flying past a chinese mural on a building .
A boy is in a field with a toy airplane in the air in front of him .
A girl in a yellow sunhat is hanging on ropes .
A black jet in flight is on fire and smoking .
Two people and a dog playing in the water with a ball .
Colored man on a high balcony speaking to colored woman on the street .
A couple standing at the edge of a pond holding hands .
A girl is comforting a small child who fell on the ice while skating
An unknown animal or person is swimming in a natural lake setting .
Shoppers with umbrellas congregating on a sidewalk .
A group of children do stretches on colored mats .
A man making fruit smoothies .
A man in a gray shirt is juggling batons that resemble bowling pins .
A man dressed in a gray , short-sleeved shirt and dark colored pants is waiting on food , as smoke rises from a drum .
A fighter is declared the winner after the conclusion of a martial arts event .
Two women dressed in traditional Japanese clothing
Someone is walking through the snow with snow covered mountains behind them .
a man in red throws a Frisbee .
A boy opening a present .
Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions .
An Asian woman walks across a bridge wearing a surgical mask .
A person taking an outside shower , using a watering can as the water source .
A young girl is playing next to a fire hydrant that is spraying water .
A man kayaking in wild foamy water .
A man wearing gloves and a gray t-shirt traversing scaffolding .
Two dogs lay on their backs on a purple bedspread .
Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water .
The young boy looks at the woman like she has no idea what he 's been through .
These friends are posing near the store window .
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks .
Man with shirt hair and blue tie holding baby .
Soccer players are on a field , one about to kick a ball , and another trying to steal it from him .
A woman in a black shirt creates art on the sidewalk .
Two surgeons hard at work examining a patient .
Girl in black shirt looks straight at camera .
A hockey goalie looks back at the puck about to go into his goal .
Three members of a band , on stage , getting ready to perform .
A man smokes a cigar as he walks the city street .
A man with backpack stands in front of a brown brick wall .
A man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes .
A choir performing a number on stage with an American flag in the background .
A male athlete is just about to launch his body with a pole vault at a track and field event .
An Asian woman is wheeling food through a crosswalk .
A group lies in the snow while someone on a blue snow sled jumps over them .
Two blond girls are playing together .
A woman in a white lab coat .
A girl posing in the kitchen .
A drunken woman in a blue dress , black tights , and black leather pumps , laying on a couch , smoking a cigarette , laughing .
Four dogs are being walked by two owners .
A bicycle rider looks back at a Santa Cruz firetruck with it 's emergency lights flashing .
A lady singing on stage with drums in the back .
A man with a camera and another man with a baby stroller are standing in a fenced in area .
A man in a white shirt is eating , standing next to a fence .
Construction workers work together .
People at some type of outdoors fair .
A guy carrying another guy around while both are holding bags .
A man wearing gray pants and snowshoes taking a break from trudging through the snow on a bright day .
A man with a bike in one hand and using his other hand to point at a building .
Two women chained together , one in a red dress , the other in a blue shirt .
a street side vendor selling snacks and sodas .
A man observes a painting while another person attempts to recreate the same painting .
Several men are walking and standing in John A. Noble facility .
An Indian woman in a red and gold dress is kneeling down with two little children .
A man is roping a bull in a rodeo while others in cowboy hats watch .
A little boy and two older kids are playing on gym equipment in a park with benches and trees .
An old man hauling his wares in the back of a tricycle
A woman in a white tank top with a green flowing skirt , on stage singing a song .
A man in a white shirt playing an electric violin in front of a white brick wall .
A man wearing a black t-shirt gives a food order in a restaurant .
Two elderly people sing in microphones while playing instruments .
A little kid wearing headset helping his father making hole to the wooden box .
A long-haired dog is jumping over horizontal poles .
Two old men play guitar and sing at a rock concert .
The people are getting down to the music and having a great time .
She is wearing a multicolored bathing suit .
People sit outside a tea house on a nice day .
A man wearing a gray jacket and blue work pants is standing in a hole in the ground
Two dogs with a rag in their mouths
A man shovels snow while standing between two black trucks .
A man wearing a dark colored shirt is sitting at a table with a woman wearing a scarf .
A man is cooking breakfast outdoors .
There is a dog humping a young girl .
A person and a dog run on a paved road near a forest .
Two young men are seated in front of a green pool of water .
2 men are sitting down and drawing on either side of an easel in a room with a Christmas Tree .
A young asian woman stands with her luggage .
Someone wearing a large hat is sitting on colorful blankets working a loom with a pair of men 's dress shoes in front of him .
A big dog holds its paw out to keep another dog at bay .
This family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons .
two player run for the Frisbee .
Man with brown hair and a woman with blond-hair smile .
Two women sparring fiercely at Tae Kwon Do competition , while referee watches .
Three guys , sitting on the tip of a small boat and looking upwards , as the one with sunglasses holds a rope .
Two people performing a trick in the middle of the street , people watching all over , one person is playing an accordion while another person is jumping over their head .
An elderly woman in a tent uses scissors and a chair to repair a fishing net .
An old accordion player looks on .
A young boy with a backpack walking down the street .
Woman wearing sunglasses wearing a black outfit singing .
A older women is helping a young boy write with a pencil .
Women with a white shopping bag wearing a red scarf walks through a corridor .
Indian women wash laundry in river .
A man stretches his leg muscles using the iron fence as leverage .
A man wearing a pink shirt , sits in a lawn chair at the park while fishing .
There is a little girl sitting at the top of a red slide .
A group of horses and their riders are racing each other .
A man standing next to a window with his eyes closed .
One man dressed in black is stretching his leg up in the air , behind him is a massive cruise ship in the water .
This woman is showing us the meaning of multitasking .
Two young women walk next to each other and talk .
A guy wearing red glasses doing something with fire as a group of onlookers watch .
A man and woman pose for a picture together .
A person is dressed in a black vest and hat with lots of flowers attached .
One wrestler is ready to jump on another from the ropes of a wrestling ring .
A man standing with a Christmas tree nearby .
Man in red shirt about to have a barbecue
A street performer balances on a string while holding a violin .
A group of dogs standing in a group .
Man brushes image in the sand .
Two tan and white dogs look at each other in an outdoor setting .
Several people cooking at a grill in a kitchen .
Friends hang outside a local bar .
a young boy wearing a red shirt and reading a book
A large group of people is standing in two ovals while listening to a band play in the background .
A blond woman in a black shirt waits for the train .
A woman applies mascara to her eyelash .
There is a large group of young women wearing pink and black adjacent to a group of young women wearing blue and black and all of them are standing in the same pose with one arm bent and one arm straight out .
A young blond girl tries to ride a skateboard .
A crowd of people behind the fence waiting with cameras ready for something approaching .
Skateboarder grinding a barrel .
There is a shopping cart and a person laying on the ground in a green field of grass .
A young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black .
Four small dogs play outside .
a taxi going over the bridge with people standing or walking on the bridge .
A boy at the beach dumps a bucket of water on another boy 's head .
Two men in red , two men in blue and one in pink are in a bicycle race
A young woman and man are burying another young man in the sand .
A horse and jockey in the middle of a horse race .
A young boy is throwing a purple and yellow ball while on the water .
Two children have expressions of happiness as they reach for something out of sight .
A man seated in a kitchen types on a laptop .
A man who is laying on the floor with headphones on and eyes closed .
Kids jumping with one boy in midair .
A xylophonist taps the keys to make music .
Two parents looking at their crying baby .
One woman in a black dress and another one in a gray tank top and green shorts are walking on the street somewhat crowded with people .
A man wearing a beige shirt and cowboy hat ropes a calf while riding a brown horse .
Two men in business clothing have a conversation in front of a large sculpture of a red cube .
A little girl is smiling , while running outside .
A gray dog chases a blue soccer ball on the grass .
Two boys running down a outer hallway of an apartment building , with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall .
Two young boys are playing in the water .
Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track .
A man is trying to watch his television in a public place
This is a young girl handing out papers .
Horses being ridden over green grass and jumping an obstacle .
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing on a wave .
A woman with gray hair is putting potatoes on to fry .
A kid on a skateboard jumps a small flight of stairs .
Three youths standing at the top of stairs talking .
A basketball player has jumped in the air to shoot the basketball .
A young boy in a blue shirt plays with bubbles .
Two people are watching a basketball game on a flat screen television .
A dog 's paws and face are covered in sand .
Men and women outside on the edge of the woods talking .
Three women are sunbathing , looking up at the sky .
A cowboy fall off a bull during a bull riding event and the 'clown ' has to quickly run and distract the bull from trampling the cowboy .
A woman bike rider looking over water at a view point .
A lumberjack competitor chops out a section of a massive log .
A man with glasses is playing his instrument in a small crown of people that includes another man in a suit with a trumpet .
A man stands behind his fish stand waiting for customers .
A man jumping a bicycle over a dirt path surrounded by trees .
a man taking a pizza out of an oven
Two men are here and working together at the John Deere 7200 type of machine or vehicle outside in the open air .
A man dressed as a clown sitting down on a bench putting on his makeup .
A man recording a woman crying in the street .
People are walking the streets on a sunny day .
A man is on a laptop indoors saying something while a boy is looking at his computer .
Children play in a water fountain .
Hanging onto a bar , the man on a yellow and whiteboard cuts through the waves with the water rooster tailing up behind him .
A skateboarder doing a trick off a quarter pipe .
A man sits and reads a newspaper by a sculpture outside of an office building .
A lady with a white tank top holds a blue yard style cocktail cup with her black tank topped phone holding a phone .
One man takes a picture while another looks on in a foreign storefront .
Women smiling and moving chinese dragon .
A man walking on the sidewalk holding a white sweater .
A young man in a purple snow cap is rock climbing .
A young man stands with his hands in his pockets , looking at a young woman using her cellphone .
Winning racer displaying his trophy and waving to the crowd .
Men compete in an eating contest .
A team stands around their dragster .
Two girls looking at the screen area of a digital camera , in front of a blue wall .
A young child is playing in a water sprinkler .
A boy and a girl wearing blue are standing on a sidewalk facing opposite directions .
A racing dog takes flight while wearing a yellow and black jersey , and muzzle
Woman runner on track in running clothes .
A poor woman in a shawl is digging for rocks .
Kids wearing jackets and hats swinging on tire swing in snow
two men falling one in a green shirt one in a blue shirt
Two women are laughing with cups in their hands .
A white woman in a white dress is preparing a great feast in a nice kitchen .
Funny kid plays with his milk straw gives a smile for the camera .
Two white dogs are laying in the doorway of a wooden floored apartment .
A man is stooped down reading some type of paper , while holding an I Love NY bag , and in the background a person is standing , wearing a red striped shirt and dark pants .
Lean dog trots through a sunny park in front of a chain link fence .
A large brown dog stands in front of a green van in the yard of a house .
A young man wearing goggles , is jumping out of a pool , splashing water everywhere .
A young couple in a busy city
Four children in bathing suits play on a beach lined with rock and foliage , while other people are visible in the background .
A smiling man in a check shirt stands below a row of religious pictures .
A laboratory technician examines a blood sample using a high powered microscope .
The girl in a dress is jumping in the air outside .
A person on a bike and wearing a helmet rides through a wooded area .
A man prepares his stand up grill with a large flame .
A brown cat is sitting on top of an old car .
A woman huge a fluffy white dog .
A large dog stands over a smaller dog who has its mouth open .
A woman in a pink sweater is singing to a man in a suit .
Two people in a garden wearing hats and protective gloves .
A group of children posing for a picture outside of a trailer .
A person with blue jeans and a red and white shirt is using a phone booth .
Various people including a male in a Great Britain flag hat , a woman in jean shorts and a black sweatshirt are working by a banana stand .
Two people are on the street , and one has a cello while another is holding an accordion .
A man wearing all black is working on a carving out of marble .
A slalom skier moving quickly downhill .
An older man sitting outside in the sun watching something under his umbrella .
Two lab scientists look in a book to discover what is under the microscope .
The man and one of the women have their hands raised .
A man wearing a hat is picking up another man beside a campfire .
City workers , both wearing gray pants and green shirts , are trimming tree branches and picking up the debris .
A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate .
A large brown dog plays in the water .
A surfer rides on his stomach on a surfboard in green water .
A group of three women play the card game of Uno while two other people hold out their hands with their cards .
Person walking home late at night .
Man in a blue shirt panning in a large rusty tub .
A grinning man with spikes of multicolored hair and large ear-piercing
A young boy sits while eating .
Women are contemplating their bets during a game involving gambling .
Cyclists are racing down the street while pedestrians watch .
An older woman with latex gloves and man holding a plastic bag in a fish market in a foreign country .
A man working high up in the air on a building with a cityscape behind him .
A young woman is singing into a microphone .
A black and brown dog playing in the water at a beach .
A baby wearing an " Elmo " and " Big Bird " bib is eating .
A woman examines her rings in a mirror .
a large white dog jumping up in the snow
Two showgirls are posing together .
Three girls pretend to be rock musicans in a posh living room .
A man is standing on a big rock overlooking a valley .
Young adults talking under a tree on a sunny day .
Teenagers playing baseball .
He is at work overlooking the busy streets below .
A little girl in a pink shirt is brushing a horse .
The man is driving his equipment under the archway .
Man in playing football in Sooners jersey number 19
A farmhand in training points over the barrier at a livestock auction .
The woman is wearing a yellow jacket and blue pants .
Two dark-skinned men with facial hair sit outside on an iron bench wearing a light jacket and a sweater , looking to their left .
Two people enjoying a sunny day on the pier .
A boy in a hoodie is throwing an object into a dirty swimming pool .
A young man sitting on a low fence post during a very beautiful sunrise .
A woman in a white tennis outfit has just performed a tennis serve .
A boy wearing a teal shirt is riding a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A child in a dress is looking at a sprinkler
A man and woman dancing in the street .
A boy looks up into a woman 's face .
Two men and a woman wearing a robe carrying broom brushes .
Boy in red shirt standing on roof of a building while another child looks on from below .
A girl sitting on a horse is by a tree with a silver star and silver balls .
A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water .
A few brown dogs play in some dirt near woods .
A man and a woman standing at a counter piled with potatoes .
A swimmer is emerging from the water
Surrounded by tents , two women wearing bikinis and a man in a swim trunk work together to raise a flag pole , the top of which is a large one with white background and some green , big-teethed critter on it .
A man reading a book while floating in the water .
People are walking around a picnic area that is covered in snow .
A young boy with brown hair walks with a soccer ball .
The motorcycle rider in yellow and black is making a turn .
A dog with a brindle-colored coat is running across the yard .
Two young boys dressed in shorts are looking for something .
Three Asian kids dance while a man looks on .
A group of people are on a boat in the water .
A little girl with long brown hair is eating an onion ring .
A tourist waits for her order at the counter of a local cafe .
A young lady is walking in the street .
Six people ride their bikes on a sloped indoor track while a small crowd watches .
A boy in a blue coat hangs his artwork on the wall .
A man driving a sport atv at high speeds around a dirt track
Adults and children demonstrating in a town .
People are in a park at night with bright lights on and watching something .
Man and boy fly kite in park .
A brunette woman wearing a black jacket and jeans kneels in the sand to get a closeup shot with her zoom lens .
A man and woman are birdwatching .
A elephant carrying two people , one of them a passenger in a chair on top of the elephant , and one of them guiding the elephant .
Two women lay on their stomachs in the sun .
Two men singing into microphones .
A female barista wearing black is making coffee in a coffee shop .
Three baseball players either playing a game or at a practice with one observer behind them .
A blond woman is carrying an axe on the porch .
Young girl with a pink barrette in her hair playing the violin .
A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands .
A photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset .
A man dressed in white and with glasses having something to eat .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
A man is jumping his bicycle off of a ramp .
A girls soccer game with one team in pink , the other in light blue .
A woman speaks with a speaker at a presentation .
A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else .
A man reads a book in an orange and yellow hammock .
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track .
The worker in the fluorescent vest is taking a break and sitting down .
A little boy stands behind a tree wearing a hooded sweater and smiles for the camera .
A mostly black short-haired dog is running in a swampy area with its tongue out .
Woman in cowboy hat sits in the stands .
Med sit with their produce in a street market .
Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian horse , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .
Pit crew working on a race car .
Two men with black suits going up a escalator .
two old guys talking to each other
The man sits with his dog on a bench in a park .
A large dog is leaping over some logs in a woodland clearing .
A brown and black lab are outside and the black lab is catching a toy in its mouth .
A talent show person jumping and singing .
A woman sits in a cafe , looking out a window .
Two men acting while several others look on .
Soldiers in uniform staring down at two little kids .
A little girl peering over a blue wall .
Young tennis player is in action hitting a tennis ball with her racket .
Three people enter a building with a handwritten sign that says " Welcome Bikers . "
A woman jumps over a park bench while throwing leaves in the air .
A woman with a red skirt , white shirt , and blue sweater is talking on a phone on the street .
All couples are dancing and enjoying their company .
A lady in a green sleeveless shirt is sitting in a table with some other people .
A man pushing a carrier picks his nose as he walks down the street .
Four people are standing outside , one is jumping .
A man joyfully throws his son while swimming .
A man on a waterski is performing a jump in the air .
Two people begin to run down a sand bank .
A blond woman kneeling on a blue tarp looking at artwork .
A man with a guitar , he has a hat and is playing along a brick lined walkway , two children in strollers are looking on .
People sitting in chairs waiting for something .
A foreign store and hotel with streets that look run down with a kid in a bicycle sitting .
Two women are reading , one woman has a magazine with a Dior ad on the back of it , while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book .
The girl with glasses on has a bug on her right pointer finger .
A woman in a floral patterned blouse takes a photograph with a point and shoot digital camera .
A man in a black and white uniform stands on a motorbike doing a stunt .
A man holding a telescope and lying down on a train platform .
A woman and a child are sitting in the snow amongst ski gear .
A girl wrings out a wet shirt .
An Asian woman and three children .
a kid wearing snowshoes and laying on his back on snow
A smiling women wearing a blue shirt sitting down on a chair holding a baby that is sound asleep in her arms .
A brown dog in front of a white fence with a blue and red bat-shaped object in its mouth .
There is a couple walking through a farmer 's market .
A crowd looks on at fireworks .
Two construction workers cutting a piece of concrete road .
a woman sitting on her stoop next to a bike
The lady with light blue necklace , and earrings is holding a brown rooster in her arm .
A man wearing a white uniform dribbles the basketball during a game .
A man is sitting on a shooting range equipped with a pistol while other men are similarly preparing to fire their guns .
A old man talking into a mike held by another old man .
A lady bowling , with her right leg pointing towards her back .
The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed .
A black and white dog swimming .
Two women who are in gray sleeveless tops are getting down from a bus taking all their belongings .
Two people one person dressed in yellow and green with black boots and the other person have on white jacket and brown pants standing on the lake side with birds approaching them
A Muslim girl is standing on a street corner listening to music in a crowded city .
A guy on a skis skiing down a hill .
A man in a purple jacket is sitting on a wooden bench with a large tree to his left .
I won the trophy at the parade !
A man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
A bicyclist in a full face helmet negotiates an outdoor course on his bike .
A group of people on a boat .
A baseball player in gray and orange is trying to avoid being tagged out by the second base player of the opposing team in maroon and white .
A husband and wife are walking down a city street .
A woman with her hair in a ponytail chose a gift out of the bag .
The man in the teal tank top is washing his face with water from a wooden bowl .
A girl in a science classroom is observing objects with a microscope .
A blond-haired woman laughs while standing next to a woman in a fringe jacket .
two girls jumping on top of a concrete barrier .
A bicyclist sitting down with his bike which has one wheel removed from it .
Two similar brown dogs share holding a white toy while swimming .
A kid stands outside holding a toothbrush .
Two people are reading while sitting outdoors .
A man prepares meat in market .
A man painting a wall covered in graffiti .
Young boy running outside on the pavement .
People are walking on a busy sidewalk in front of a corner store called " Lyppens and Schipper . "
A person in a blue jacket stands along side crates and kegs on a busy Asian street .
Two men discussing business at a table in a seemingly crowded place .
An old dusty car is half way in the brown water .
Two people sitting at a bar having a conversation .
Two elderly people are taking a walk down a tree lined path .
A person swimming in a pool next to some chairs and a table .
Professional Dirt biker attempts large jump .
A man in a blue shirt is kissing a woman in a white shirt on the cheek .
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods .
Baby sitting at a beach .
A surfer flies over the wave .
The man in the black jacket is holding the little girl 's hand as they pass a yellow sign .
A singer is wearing a clown costume and makeup .
A smiling woman holding an object is standing next to a man .
A woman standing near a log while she 's wearing a backpack .
A skateboarder going off a ramp .
several young boys wearing blue helmets and blue and red life jackets on a raft
A man wearing a black shirt , khaki shorts and white tennis shoes is holding an object .
An older guitar player is playing guitar on stage .
The black dog is biting the ear of the yellow dog .
Friends sitting in the rocks for photo .
Three gray dogs jump at a woman .
There are two men , one wearing a shirt , one is n't , both wearing red pants and holding onto a ladder with both arms and their legs extended out into the air .
A man is walking through some sort of fair .
A young boy holds an infant which appears to be in distraught .
An Angels baseball player puts his glove out to catch the ball .
A girl sits on a red jungle gym .
A woman with 5 small children .
A kid blocks a goal during a soccer game as other kids stand in the background .
An old minivan painted to look like the Mystery Machine from Scooby-Doo drives past a white building .
A street performer is performing with a bike in the foreground .
A colorfully dressed man , who is on the street wearing balloons , sculpts some balloons .
A little girl in navy blue is posing on a railing .
A person wearing a spiderman print outfit looks up with a hood on his face .
Lab technician analyzes data from his telescope .
a tan dog shaking its body
a young girl , wearing a jacket and carrying a cup , balancing on a concrete ledge .
In an office , a man in a blue suit is moving towards a seated woman in a tan jacket .
An audience of senior citizens is sitting for some kind of presentation .
A couple sitting on a bench in a park
Guy in white trying to score in soccer while being blocked by two guys in orange and black
A young boy performs a skateboard trick off of a small ledge .
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp .
Two women in saris are balancing stacks of bricks on their heads .
A toddler all bundled up getting ready to go down a slide .
Two men kickboxing in a ring .
Men in construction uniforms are standing on iron girders .
A man in a light blue shirt outside reading a newspaper .
A man is seated in a chair holding a bow for his instrument in the middle of a brown floor .
a white dog is jumping up out of the water to catch a ball .
A young man drinking a soda on a green car .
A young woman is people watching while sitting on a wall outside .
Four people are playing drums .
A orchestra band practices in a church .
Two standing policemen and one sitting on a motorcycle smile for the camera .
A girl in a jumpsuit makes a snow angel .
A child in a striped shirt and knee-length shorts stands to the right .
Young man with red stains on face , with two women , posing in black clothing .
A man stands over a brown and black dog in the grass .
A person picking garbanzo beans with her bear hands .
Someone is walking down a snowy sidewalk on a cloudy day .
2 men going up a mountainside .
A group of people rollerskate outside on a warm day .
A girl with a red cap and a man with a blue jacket tied around his waist are looking at the mountains .
Two women and a girl dressed up to take a photo in the great outdoors .
Person in dark pants and print top on ski 's in the air over snow covered ground .
A person on a red street bikes rides through the parking lot .
A man with a hat and suspenders is walking through cornfields toward a silo in the background .
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella .
A young blond woman with a golden flower sits on a bench with a black man in a bowler hat near a bearded white man .
Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .
An aged woman is looking into the camera while the inside of her hut is shown .
A bearded man in a baseball cap selling vegetables .
Man sits outside to enjoy the weather .
A person riding a horse trying to rope a calf that is running from them .
Woman Hanging upside down from a ladder .
A group of men plays volleyball at the Olympic games .
A row of guys in a parade with some holding flags .
Two teenage females , floating on water while inside giant plastic balls .
Two men play a game with a wooden stick and a ball .
A woman in a wheelchair with red dots on her face smiles as another women with red dots on her face holds her wheelchair while others look on .
a small girl brushing an older girls hair with a white brush .
Two men working on windows to a brick building .
Little boys play soccer outside .
Many people standing by a fountain underneath a blue and white umbrella .
Three women are rollerskating in full roller derby attire .
Two girls play tug-of-war in a muddy pit , while another girl looks on .
two children hold hands and flowers .
lady holding black purse walking past a glamour store .
A man in a sweatshirt and blue jeans is taking a nap on a bench .
A man with a microphone is interacting with a bird of some sort .
Two young girls splashing in a puddle
The dog runs in the deep snow .
A small boy playing in the sand while on the beach .
A striped cat is on the pathway .
kids are playing ball in front of a big fancy building
People fishing on a still lake with mountains in the background .
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball .
Man in bike race with number 701 and a red helmet rounds a corner a bushes .
Group of men in blue shirts drying off a red car at a car wash .
Small boy wearing a blue shirt being brought up out of water by man in white shirt and wearing glasses .
A girl bikes on a path near a bunch of trees and a house .
A couple that looks like they are in love .
A young man asleep during a car ride wearing his seat belt .
People are leaving the Lincoln Center Theater after a production of Rodgers and Hammerstein 's South Pacific .
A dog drinking from a creek .
A grouchy looking man plays an instrument in the outdoors .
A man in the red shirt tried to hang onto the rock while three others watched .
A man and a boy riding bikes down a sidewalk .
A white and brown dog jumps towards a red ball .
A man counts his money while playing his portable keyboard outside in the cold .
People walking around in a busy city .
A small child plays with her airplane as a cat looks on .
A little Asian boy is trying to open a door stepping through a batch of shoes .
Workers are taking a break during midday .
Woman in tan dress gazes into the distance with curious expression .
An older man in a black hat and red shirt is talking with a woman .
A black man looking at something located near a manufacture building .
A street alley with stores in which there are a few people walking down the alley , while one woman is being seen behind the counter of a store .
Four Asian women performing a dance in traditional , Oriental attire , outside a church with onlookers watching .
Two girls face off during a soccer match .
A blond lady wearing a tan jacket samples a seafood dish at a restaurant .
A closeup of two women standing together .
A family of three relaxing in the middle of the day .
Two people in the desert with a mountain in the background .
Two Black women in a brown motorcycle amidst many other motorcycles with the woman in the rear giving a smile to the camera .
A brown dog runs through the grass .
3 men playing golf next to the ocean all in shorts and t-shirt .
A man in a black t-shirt is standing next to a parking meter .
Two girls wake through some mud at a park .
Two fire-dancers with minimal clothing put on a show .
Two baby are playing on train .
One man dives for the ball as other players attempt control during a soccer game .
A black dog is carrying a huge stick whilst walking in the snow .
Two men sit in red chairs and talk on stage .
A young man rides a unicycle down a sidewalk .
A man and a woman shopping in an open-air market .
Four people in safety vests and helmets pose with their bikes .
Men turn to the camera to smile on the middle of three long tables in a refectory .
a bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp .
A girl in her pajamas is sitting on a log swing .
The bull is running with a yellow fence behind him .
Older woman holding a light green comb over a weave .
Four women are browsing a photo album .
A BMX biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike .
Two men competing in a track competition .
One man drinking an alcoholic beverage .
A young boy in overalls is sleeping while holding a brown stuffed animal .
Kids playing soccer .
construction worker working on a structure
A man is sitting at a laptop , while two men ( one sitting , one standing up ) face each other in the background .
A club or restaurant with a 3 man band playing while a few people looks on .
A man stands in front of a well lit fruit stand .
A baby in a green shirt is holding onto a shoulder .
A black dog jumps over hurdles .
The little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for " Touchdown ! "
People sightseeing and taking pictures by the oceans edge .
Four children playing in a pool .
A bald man in flip-flops sits on a green bench and talks on a cellphone .
Several women standing on a sidewalk .
A musician is singing and playing guitar on stage .
Four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar .
A girl with three circles painted on her face sitting on a bench in front of a lake .
A woman with a pierced nose is underneath a blue umbrella .
A mixed group of men , women , girls , and boys are on stage with three microphones .
A man balances a ball with a pink umbrella while people watch .
a long-haired woman is eating with a man .
a little girl in a blue and pink leotard is walking along a beam whilst a person 's hand is stretched out to support her .
A girl wearing gray sweats stretches her legs against a mirror .
A man sitting against a building with a woman holding a sign .
Three woman sit at a table littered with books and write down things in notebooks .
A man and a laughing woman sit at a blue table with a Styrofoam box on it .
A man is biking down really rough terrain .
Two children at the bottom of a purple water slide .
A male cop is writing a ticket next to a car .
A man climbs some rocks .
A boy plays with sand near green grass .
A man in a flat cap leans against a colorful building .
A yellow hot air balloon passes by the Asian fields .
a baby who is sticking out its tongue is being held inside a bowl of water .
A man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center .
Two African American girls are eating lunch at a table in a cafeteria .
Men playing a game in the park .
A man working on a safety harness in the sky .
The young soccer player enjoys the game .
A man is seated in a tree near a river .
People walk through an Asian Market with red lanterns hanging from the rafters .
A band plays while wearing Santa hats .
A woman pounding something with a rock , with a guinea pig in the background .
A motorcyclist is about to fall over .
A group of people at the beach .
A young child in a pool wearing a life vest .
Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass .
A large woman and a woman in a blouse stand and wait at a transit station .
Dog on a leash looking over a stone wall
A small brown dog running in snow .
An ice cream truck outside apartment buildings .
A man wearing an orange t-shirt and a hard hat is working with the wood-chipping machine .
Three girls walk together and talk .
Ovodafone sponsors the Emirates soccer team during a long day at Barcelona .
A man jumping onto a platform .
Teachers and students in a classroom .
A man sits in the middle of a fruit stand .
A male surfer catching a nice wave .
A little boy is covered up in a white blanket napping on a piece of furniture .
Two women with wet hair are holding their drinks outside .
A DJ wearing headphones and mixing some music .
A woman in a white shirt with brown hair and glasses views the screen of an arcade game as she holds her hand near her face .
A child pulls another in a small wagon .
A sports team dressed in black lines up at a white line on the grass .
A dog jumps up towards a woman in a car , while another dog is outside the car .
A shirtless man is using a roller to paint the ceiling white .
A bride and groom during their wedding ceremony are surrounded by a crowd , in front of a brick building .
Several men in life jackets and other gear on a boat in the water .
A bartender is mixing a drink .
The owner and chef , wearing a black polo t-shirt and black pants , of YumYumBowls , a Thai food truck painted from red to yellow , standing at the side of his truck .
A bird flies above the water .
A girl in sunglasses smiles .
A small child is hiding behind a large cardboard box .
A man sits in front of a wall map and looks at a computer screen .
A drag queen dressed in black and white polka dots handing out a tray of Tropicana Orange Juice .
A female laying on her stomach in the water outside with umbrellas .
Four men and one women are discussing something together on a stage with microphones .
A group of people are watching fireworks .
A group of people sitting at a table eating and talking .
Two men sat next to each other while one read a newspaper and the other sat quietly and wore sunglasses .
A man holding a baby over a swimming pool .
Two women pose for a photograph with a sign .
Children gathered outside the Abubakar Umar Memorial Primary School .
A group of people gather under a screened in and roofed area .
Two children standing very close .
A man in blue jeans is reaching for something on a truck .
A man in a white shirt sits across from a woman at an outdoor table .
Man looks through light microscope at a glass slide .
A snowboarder getting air on the mountain .
A man wearing camouflage is watching someone try to do a pull-up .
A swimmer in the pool at a depth of 3.5 feet .
A girl dressed for winter stands in front of some graffiti .
A lady with a blue helmet preparing to mountain climb with some guys .
A man wearing sunglasses , jeans , and a black leather jacket is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread apart .
A woman on a bike stops to talk to a gentlemen sitting on a chair on the sidewalk .
A healthcare worker giving a young baby a bath .
A zookeeper working with a white tiger who is climbing a tree .
a boy in a white t-shirt is playing on a swing that is attached to a tree .
Several children are relaxing outside .
A band plays in the middle of a town as a crowd gathers to watch .
A campsite has been established amidst the trees and bushes .
A man with a black shirt plays a black guitar , next to a woman playing electric keyboard .
A girl is sitting on a bench in front of a bike cleaning shoes with a brush .
A woman wearing a white dress walking by an Eastern European sign .
A little girl holds out her hand to the men jogging down the street .
Street worker blower dirt off of sidewalk and street .
Two men , underwater in wetsuits make weird hand signs .
Street vendors serve passer-by 's in the city .
Two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance .
A rock star holding a guitar with butterfly decorations in the background and singing at the top of her lungs .
Two people sitting together on a subway listening to earphones .
A man with a long beard playing a guitar .
A group of people sitting on a sidewalk .
A man and a woman are juggling in a public space .
The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him .
A concert being held on a stage .
A man in an orange hard hat and orange jumpsuit is about to grab onto a large blue hose .
A woman with a ponytail and wearing a floral patterned dress is holding a teacup and saucer while speaking with another woman who is also wearing a floral patterned dress .
A rodeo guy in a red shirt rides a bucking bronco .
Three dogs run through surf , near rocky outcrop .
Couple , man and woman , with little girl all of them dressed in wedding apparel while standing along shoreline .
A man in white studies at a white table with a white chair in an empty room .
Men looking at a large cylinder shaped generator .
The fans are dressed colorful for the festival .
A woman in a black shirt looks at her camera .
People making a structure out of cards .
Two ladies are posing for the camera as they are washing dishes .
The fellow in the black suit at a formal occasion has a salmon rose in his lapel .
A black guy smoking a cigarette .
A smiling female with nice teeth taking a bubble bath , two earrings in her right ear and a short haircut .
A person is riding a bicycle down the street .
A man wearing glasses and his black and white dog wearing a black collar are playing with a tennis ball .
A female with a black scarf and a helmet riding her bike .
Two men , one younger guy with a yellow shirt that has luggage and the other and older guy , are sitting on a bench in front of a large building that has a billboard for glasses and sunglasses .
Three people in a dimly lit room .
A girl in a dress is blowing bubbles with another girl behind her .
Young citizens , including one waving a sheet , hanging out .
the unabomber on a fishing trip .
A little girl holds the water hose for the dog to drink from .
A child is laying on a bodyboard in the ocean with a man 's head in the background .
Three kids stand around a red apparatus on two tires .
A group of people are in the woods playing instruments .
A young boy in an orange shirt is laughing next to a young boy in a yellow shirt .
A man in a red shirt is straddling the back end of his bike in midair by a tree .
A bearded man wearing no t-shirt fixes his bicycle .
Men wearing red , jackets black hats , and black pants standing in formation .
Train operator on a stopped train .
Two men playing a board game at a city park with two spectators .
The front of a white limousine approaches a mural-covered wall to which graffiti has been added .
The man passing the door is wearing a white shirt and black running pants with white stripes down the side .
A woman dressed in light purple and wearing a corsage clasps her hands in her lap .
Little blond boy climbing a big rock .
A religious float is surrounded by people at a street festival .
A person in a checkered shirt is walking in the rain with an umbrella .
Dressed in a sharp suit , the head of the museum 's security team , looks like an ordinary museum visitor as he guards its most expensive painting .
A man and a woman kissing outdoors .
This man in the yellow shirt is adjusting blue bicycle for a young boy .
An older man reading a book .
Two ladies buying from a market .
A child on a pink raft in a pool .
Two beautiful , little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .
A man relaxing with a baby on a blanket .
Two athletes , one with red shorts and shirt and the other with blue shorts jumping through hurdles with cameramen behind them snapping photos .
Man getting ready to paint a room by mixing the paint .
man dragging a boat through the mud .
Two women are walking across a street together .
Guy running head first focusing on winning .
A man shows discomfort while lying on a deck as someone in stocking feet stands on one of his hands .
Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers .
A young boy in a cowboy hat and a blue jean jacket sitting in a stroller .
An older man sits wearing a red , green , and yellow hat smiling for the camera .
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape .
A woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot .
A little child with a hood on , wearing 2 paper bags as if they were shoulder pads .
A young toddler listens to a cellphone .
A man riding a bike is chatting to a man wearing a blue uniform .
A very fair-skinned girl wearing a red and black plaid shirt , blue jeans and boots attempts leans backwards so far that her long blond-hair touches the ground .
A man striking a pose as one man with a bike , and another man in the background watch .
A group of people camping out surrounding a fire pit , some are sitting in chairs others on the ground , and one is poking the fire in a nightly and dark surrounding .
Two indian children are being squirted by a jet of water .
As one woman raises herself from a chair with her arms , another looks on and laughs .
A woman is holding her neck and watching something .
A 2 year old boy swings in the backyard .
A man and a much younger boy , both wearing hats , taking a stroll through nature .
An old woman walking along a sidewalk with buildings that are littered with graffiti .
A man plays saxophone next to a yellow fire hydrant .
A chef in white talks to guests about various tomato varieties over a display table of tomatoes and sauces .
A couple sits on a floral couch while an older woman in the background smiles .
Four kids climb a snowy hill , one struggles .
A man rides a surfboard over a wave , the nose of the board pointing downward .
Three people are looking at an image on a computer .
a woman applies makeup to a woman in black .
A young man in a white shirt is seated on a bench playing a stringed instrument .
Four young Asian teens exchange liquid in large metal cups with the person beside them .
a dog wears jeans .
A young boy splashes down a water slide on a lawn .
Brown dog chewing on a brown walking cane .
Closeup image of a dog swimming .
A hiker climbs a mountain on a windy day .
A woman takes a photo while looking down with the blue sky behind her .
A man wearing a blue shirt is on the bottom floor facing a motorcycle while a woman wearing black with a beige apron is on the second floor looking down .
The dog leaps over the log in the forest .
Two elderly women speak to each other .
Two hippies playing music in the quad , one even has blue hair .
A group of nicely dressed people sitting at a long table with several bottles of wine on it .
The blue bus passes pedestrians on a busy city street .
A boy in a red , white , and blue striped shirt holding and examining a bug .
A man in a green jacket and shorts fishes off the rocks .
A young girl shies away from the cameraman .
Young people compete in amateur wrestling .
A young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball .
Four people from a firefighting station in a different country are wearing yellow hard hats while battling a fire .
Three friends loiter around a storefront .
The man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale .
Man in furry hat stands in snow
A black and white dog is swimming .
A young boy wearing a hat made out of balloons smiles along with his dad .
A child in a red jacket holding up two fingers .
A large work site with yellow railings and girders surrounds a worker in a blue shirt standing in the middle near a large pile of soil .
Several individuals are in pool surrounded by fog .
A man is selling food from a cart on the street corner .
A man and a woman are talking while standing in the middle of a bridge while others prepare to walk past them .
One man sitting in an Exuma with 3 other men standing around a construction site .
One girl sitting down reading and another girl standing in front of her .
A young boy sits backwards while riding a donkey in an open hilly field .
A crowd and sidewalk stores .
A black dog jumping through high snow .
A woman with a casual outfit and flip-flops shops in an Ikea store .
A woman dress in a red dance costume is posing in a stretched position .
Two women sharing a glass of beer .
An asian visible from neck upward , seated in front of a grand piano which is placed on a wooden floor .
A couple sit on a rock and talk under the moonlight .
There is one man in the foreground with a hammer , another is in the background , possibly doing the same work as the man in the foreground .
Three men pose for a picture at a trade show .
One man trying to fix the net for the boat on the shore while the other one is facing him .
A woman is on her hands and knees cleaning a rug .
A group of graduates in black gowns is watching a graduation ceremony .
An indoors basketball game is in progress among racially-mixed group of males ; one holds the ball with two hands overhead .
A man on a bike in the air .
A man wearing a white shirt is standing outside and speaking into a microphone .
A shirtless man walks toward a yellow kayak .
Two dogs are running across a grassy field .
Small school children look at an exhibit at a museum .
An old man talks to a younger woman wearing a name tag .
Two woman stand near a stroller in a dark building .
A person wearing glasses sits on a train as they read a book .
A black male in a dirty white long-sleeved shirt is working .
A man with glasses wearing a hat is playing the bass .
Child cranking an old fashioned egg beater .
A brown dog in a pink shirt runs through a field .
A dog running through a creek .
Two men standing on some logs next to an open trailer .
Two men in safety harnesses work together .
Students are inside of a lecture hall .
Two professional motorcyclists racing on a track .
A girl , wearing a red hat and boots , jumping above ice .
People pass a person laying down on the sidewalk .
A woman in a coat and scarf behind a white railing .
A child sits on top of a large tree stump .
Skateboarding wearing black pants , a white shirt , and a blue hat performing a skateboarding trick while three spectators look on in the background .
Asian police in blue uniforms are standing in front of a construction site .
Ice hockey players playing hockey .
These men are performing in a rock band .
A lone musician in black is on stage , playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone .
Athletes who are wearing numbered outfits are preparing to enter the water for a sporting event .
Two brown dogs wearing orange collars are running through some tall grass , one carrying an orange item .
A football player attempting a pass while being tackled by another player .
A person walking uphill from a construction zone .
An Asian woman in a hat and pink shirt squats next to a river with two buckets .
A boy with a ball playing on a playground .
A dog playing in the snow , ready to catch a toy
A man and a woman on a bench .
A lady sitting and reading a book while her laundry gets cleaned .
a dog running in a park with a rubber chicken in its mouth .
A fisherman is preparing his nets for his next haul .
A person scuba diving in a kelp forest .
School children conduct a relay race .
children are playing with a mortar and pistil
A shirtless man is laughing at his friend posing for a picture with a drink in his hand .
Three children are practicing a karate maneuver .
Women walking down a street .
Man in a small white boat on a lake .
A lanky man in yellow does a glow stick trick .
A girl in a black tank top smoking a cigarette while two friends look on .
Rockers in a band dancing and jumping in their house to music .
Man in a red shirt looks down with a labored expression as he is climbing up a rock wall .
A young man in a red and white striped shirt looks at graffiti as he walks by .
Two boys using chalk to write on a sidewalk .
Dog in water , looking over shoulder at camera .
The ladies are talking .
A young woman hugs a young man who 's wearing a pink costume .
An asian family of four sitting around a short table .
A boy is looking through the flap of a red and white tent .
A girl in a green and white striped hat looking down in front of a wall decorated with a painting of a man 's face .
A man with white hair and a white beard wearing a black suit looks at a paper in an office building .
A person on a road bike pedals uphill quickly .
A group of colorfully dressed people is surrounded by white smoke .
A classroom full of kids sitting at blue desks .
People are flying kites in a field .
A woman is working on the computer .
Three people prepare food in the kitchen .
A little girl wearing a purple dress looks down at the camera .
two men play basketball .
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream .
A boy in a purple shirt tosses orange balls on a lawn .
African men dancing while wearing a mix of traditional and western clothing .
two people in stilts wearing fur walking down the road
These people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game .
A woman is tacking up a sign on the sigh post .
A person skiing down a snowy mountainside .
People are bathing in water , possibly for religious reasons .
A band of guys playing music .
Young cheerleaders exhibit their flexibility .
Three men are walking and singing .
A snow covered landscape with light fixtures and a red fence .
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house .
Four girls in shorts walk down the street .
People waiting outside of a building in the sunlight .
Beautiful woman with long brown hair walking down a busy city street .
A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets .
Young black kids dancing with three doing a pyramid .
A man wearing hot pink briefs is standing on an outdoor platform juggling in front of a crowd below .
Two men and a woman sitting on a bench .
a black dog runs through the water .
A man in blue jeans and blue shirt sits outside a building next to a man wearing gray slacks and a long-sleeved shirt .
Two girls in pink shirts looking at a fountain from behind a red velvet rope .
A man in a striped shirt sings into a microphone .
Two men , one in mid flip , perform karate in front of a table of judges .
A child is rock climbing while wearing a white safety helmet , white shirt , blue jacket , blue jeans and white sneakers .
Bicyclist converge at starting line in preparation for start of race .
A man dressed in white cooking an animal .
Two people are talking to each other at a pool place .
The dog walks through the cold water .
Bike rider jumping very high on his bike in the woods .
Two women in military uniform are standing with other soldiers in formation .
One woman holding up bread , as part of a food test .
A woman cop sweeping the floor .
A woman on a horse .
A bunch of people take pictures over the side of a boat .
Several groups of people are enjoying a ride on a ferry boat .
A small child looks inside a car while standing in front of a clothesline .
Three blond women at the bar drinking out of glasses .
A girl flies through the air as a man stands with his arms outstretched .
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .
Two men with heads down signing a paper .
A woman wearing a black coat and sunglasses is standing in front of a man walking away with a backpack .
Several people are playing twister at some type of event .
A woman in an orange top is demonstrating a karate kick .
A soccer game is in progress with a red shirt team and a blue shirt team .
A man in a blue shirt and baseball cap holds a small African boy .
A woman wearing a mock ancient Egyptian headdress .
A man is juggling fire sticks .
A group of young asian people wait outside .
A surfer is falling of his surfboard in the middle of a crashing wave .
The man in the hat is hiking up the mountain .
One child holds another child 's hand as the second child slides down a blue side face forward .
A young girl serving biscuits to an elderly man .
Two men in a cramped kitchen , doing tasks .
A woman in a red dress is signing while a man in a suit is playing the saxophone .
A young person wearing a helmet rides a unicycle .
A boy is walking on a floor covered in graffiti .
Two children are playing on the beach and the girl is jumping .
The man sitting down is reading a magazine .
A young boy wearing gray pants looking upwards .
Youth soccer game on a sunny day kids looking around
two men in black and white striped shirt 's sitting at a table in diner .
The baby is holding a Santa figurine .
The graffiti on the wall is bland and tasteless .
A man in a neon green weight vest and green and whiteboard shorts snorkels in a tropical reef .
A boy in blue and white shorts is sweeping with a broom and dustpan .
The surfer is wearing a black bodysuit while picking up her board .
One guy wearing a green wig thinks hes cool while another guy looks in horror at a bottle that apparently landed on the green wig guy in a game , all while a girl in a skirt is smiling at the camera .
Amateur chef wearing a white cooking apron is about to chop a chicken with a butcher knife .
A woman wearing glasses helps a small boy drink out of her cup .
A person in a white shirt with blue stripes is holding a large bucket shaped object on the head .
A boy in a green shirt and jeans holding a plastic bat trying to hit a paper blue race car that is hanging from a string .
A little girl with a red dress facing a panel with her back to the camera .
There is a guy on a sidewalk in winter jumping for joy !
A dog is on the bed holding a toy soccer ball .
A young girl in a green bathing suit getting splashed with water .
A man is reading a newspaper on a crowded subway train .
A worker in a red shirt and safety vest works with a machine outdoor .
A child dressed like a pirate smiles .
A black dog running toward the camera .
A guy has his arm around a girl on the bus .
Man cleaning and gutting a fish .
A young boy , in a white jersey , has kicked a green and white soccer ball .
Two boys in uniform playing a game of field hockey with an adult blowing on a whistle .
Two pretty women in the street .
A couple is sitting in front of a house and the woman is weaving .
A woman is laying in a bed which has flowers on its blanket .
Two women in an arena boxing with a man in the background watching them .
A group of people sitting on a curb looking like they 're waiting for something .
A woman is having her photo taken
A climber stops to take a drink while climbing a snow covered mountain .
A large dog sniffing a smaller dog outside .
A man with black hair stares to his right .
A person wearing a purple shirt and a blue headband is fixing their hair in a mirror .
A woman is fixing the garden .
A man is partially silhouetted and leaning against a dark object .
Woman on grass , cradling small dog as another dog jumps up .
Children dancing on hardwood flooring .
A man and a woman are laughing with their foreheads touching .
Man in red polo shirt singing into a microphone .
A man and his dog walking down a street at night .
A girl in a blue jacket holding a pink bottle in the front of a crowd of other kids .
A man in a gray shirt is standing on a ladder thatching a roof with straw .
Women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market .
People gather in front of a advertisement for Levi 's with the words ' we are all workers ' .
A lifeguard in a red outfit sitting in a booth .
People lay out vegetables on blankets at a street market .
Two hot pink dogs are getting walked down a paved street .
Here is a picture of a man , possibly homeless , sleeping on bench near a train station .
A boy surrounded by pigeons is interacting with a person who is part of a larger crowd .
A woman in a gray sweater looking at a file that is sitting on a counter .
A young man with a gray shirt singing .
A woman , a boy , and a dog are walking up a hill .
A person lays down on the grass with a hood on .
Man walking next to a horse pulling a cart in forest .
A woman in a dress waits outside a liquor store .
A child looking through a telescope .
The young girl is playing on white rocks with a small pink ball .
A man awaits a descending volleyball on the beach court .
a woman with glasses and a pink hat rides her bike .
A man and female is making quick fixes to a tire tube on the dirt .
A woman in red , white and blue racing attire riding a bicycle .
People are riding a bus .
Three people , two women and one guy , sit around a table while the man raises his glass to the photographer .
A group of students who play the saxophone are preparing for a concert .
A woman is at a gym exercising on a treadmill .
The first baseman makes hte catch just in time to get the runner out in this softball game .
A woman skies
A young child standing by rocks .
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
Asian tourists stop in front of a large tree admiring it 's roots .
Two children shovel snow and melting ice .
The three field hockey players are all chasing the ball .
A woman is crying as she walks down a street .
football players getting ready with the referee .
A baby sleeping on its back .
A woman holding red flowers stands at the entrance of a building .
A small boy is sitting on a stack of tires .
A woman with a colorful headscarf is walking down the street .
A child in swimming trunks jumping into the ocean .
A woman holding a drink cup is walking along the street talking on her cellphone .
The two people carrying skis are walking in the snow .
A bicyclist is walking her bike through deep mud in a race .
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore .
Two young women wearing bathing suit tops and shorts walk next to each other while a man wearing a green T-shirt and red patterned shorts stands behind them .
Three men are dancing while the band plays and others enjoy the entertainment .
A young male child wearing a hat and jacket is pointing to the sign above him .
Two provocatively clad women show off a jeep .
A dog leaps for a toy on a road .
A bicyclist pedals by a wall covered in graffiti .
Two friends get their picture taken in front of a large pier .
A black-haired male is playing a video system on his computer while wearing a watch .
Several hockey players standing and skating near the goal .
A child in a green and white top sits on a railing .
A pilot standing outside of an airplane .
A merchant is rearranging her items for sale .
A man wearing jeans and a red t-shirt holding food on a busy street corner .
Women selling grains at a market .
Young child using a wood machine .
Two older women conversing near a wall as seen from the driver 's seat of a parked vehicle .
A woman wearing a coat is hugging a wooden robot .
A city setting with various small vendors underneath green awnings and surrounded by many patrons .
Two people sit outside a shack that sells summer clothing .
A group of people protesting various world affairs in front of a giant penny cut in half .
A climber hangs from a rock face while another watches .
Four motorcycle riders are jumping over a dirt hill in a meadow .
Santa is wearing a hat with a tassel on the tip .
A crowd of people are walking past an old archway .
People standing outside of a building .
Large group of people with 2 women in the front , one in a yellow shirt and a skirt and the other in a red shirt and white shorts .
A group of women walking away from a beach .
A woman is shopping in an outdoor marketplace .
A young man in a brown and white striped shirt cooking meats and vegetables on a grill on the street as an older man looks on .
Two people sit on a dock next to each other watching the sunset .
A guy with afro hair , gray sweater and jeans , skating on a skating ramp high up on the side touching grass .
A choir performs for a group of worshipers at a church .
Two guys , one wearing gray and one wearing black , sweep of a set of stairs .
There are about five people getting suited up to play some sort of sport .
A man and a woman are sitting next to each other in front of Al Gondolieri
An asian man in a brown shirt creating portraits .
A dog is catching a Frisbee i its mouth .
Some women and children sitting on a bench on a sidewalk .
A man in green pants walking down the road .
An older woman wearing a straw hat , a pink shirt , and rain boots is standing in water .
A woman in red wearing a blue hat is taking a picture outside .
Two men , one carrying a black garbage bag .
The racers bike was completely covered in dirt .
A woman in a lavender sleeveless top and a nose ring is laughing while covering the eyes of another woman wearing a yellow striped shirt with her hands .
The girl in pink is upside down .
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform .
Motorcyclist on motorcycle racing around track .
The football player prepares to kick the ball .
Protesters march for education reform .
A monster truck is on a hill in midair .
A construction worker is holding a large piece of wood .
A little girl climbing the stairs to her playhouse .
A policeman is on horseback nearby not looking at the men on the corner .
A small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .
A man does acrobatics outside of a middle eastern style building .
Five people overlook the beautiful town .
A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water
A lone person walks in the rain .
A young boy and a young girl sitting , possibly selling fruits and vegetables .
A single person rowing a small boat on a lake .
Three people are dressed in jade green , talking near a fence .
A group of people , scattered along a beach , relaxing .
Two men under the body of a drag car .
Two men standing by a microphone .
Three men playing drums , bass , and piano
A woman polishes a brass banister in a court house in front of a window and rad curtains .
A young man in a black shirt and dark colored jeans is laying on a metal structure that is low to the ground .
A woman in an orange bikini is massaging a man .
A young person is hold three very small , brown and white birds .
A man in a lift bucket is trimming tree branches .
The little boy is observing the arrangements of flowers and lights .
A small white dog pulls a large stick out of the water .
A man with a beard and button up shirt is holding some string in front of boxes and a mannequin head .
A baseball player is rounding the bases .
A very crowded street with big trucks going down the road and people walking in the street .
A tired but determined looking woman is competing in a bicycling race .
Two women are performing a dance wearing bright colors with a dark sky in the background .
A family taking a bike ride .
A smiling blond woman waves as she stands in front of a table covered with food .a .
A fit young woman is kickboxing with a red punching bag at a gym .
A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market .
Several people sitting around a campfire at night .
A girl in striped swimsuit is jumping into the ocean .
Two teams skating .
A man wearing a white cap , sunglasses , and red vest is playing a gold sousaphone .
Two young men and two boys are sitting down on a boat next to an anchor and watching the water .
A woman is dressed in a costume with a huge feather in her hat .
Two young women sit on a stone staircase in front of a store shuttered with a decorative iron grate .
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans crawls on a table .
A woman in a red jacket is having a drink on the hood of a car .
Two men paddling a canoe down a narrow stream .
A large group of people dressed casually gather to dance .
A young boy looks up and out of a window in his house .
Two people in white robes look at a snowy mountain .
The children are wearing black tights while hopping .
A man is stage diving onto a crowd of fans .
Two men are jumping in the air whilst crossing a wooden bridge .
A man in a white shirt and suspenders is holding a gun and smiling .
A man playing a saxaphone .
Three young children are fixed to their smartphones at the dinner table .
A child wearing a red shirt is eating a piece of food .
A man is sitting on a white horse and the bridle and saddle straps are decorated with colorful pieces of tissue-like material .
A man in a black t-shirt works underneath a blue minivan .
Two girls aboard an amusement park ride .
Young girl waving turquiose leotard and pink tutu with wings waving wand .
Two men throw a large rock into the ocean .
A man with a cup sitting in front of a wooden structure .
A brown dog sits on the beach .
A woman with a gray sweater is rolling out dough on a table .
A little boy holds a spoon up to his mouth .
A woman in a white top and jeans promoting for CYFD by the street .
The woman in yellow is throwing the football to the woman in brown .
Cop riding a horse on the street .
A woman in jeans is balancing on a metal structure .
A person has his or her arms crossed , holding an object , while a piece of clothing lays on his or her head and an umbrella is beside him or her .
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A woman in a black and white striped dress , drinking water while walking .
A band is playing under a tent while people watch them play from chairs several yards away .
A dog shaking off water .
A little boy playing on a playground .
The two men and their bikes are on the side of a snowy road .
A small blond child next two a blue van .
The little girl in a white dress stands by a street with white words written on it .
Three men are cutting up a fallen tree on an autumn day .
One man , wearing a hooded sweatshirt , sitting at a fountain watching the people of the city .
A woman smiles at the register of a small shop .
A baseball player catches the ball .
Three little girls are sitting on a purple bench and making funny faces .
Two men are working computer DJ equipment in the dark .
A boy on a green bike gets a call .
A farmer in a blue jacket and boots is gathering stacks of hay into bundles .
A man in blue bravely cleans windows on a tall building during the day .
A man with a guitar , a woman with a flute , and a woman singing at a recital .
An old skinny man wearing the dirty white shirt riding on a bicycle on the street
A black dog in a yard with a green object in its mouth .
A group of young people are looking over a fence at a sprawling city .
A basketball player drives to the hoop for a lay-up .
A man in a hat fishing along a pier .
A skier in red banks sharply , spraying snow .
A little girl with arms outstretched is posing at the beach .
Wearing a large white sweater and safety glasses a young girl is smiling .
A man is using a broom outside of a store .
Many young adults , doing various activities in an open green space .
Two men asleep in separate chairs .
A large crowd of Elizabethan England costumed people observe a wresting match of shirtless men .
A girl wearing a black hat , shorts and red shoes , standing outside of a Red Bull Car .
People wander through a flea market .
A little boy who appears to be about 5 years old is shown kicking a white volleyball .
A woman wearing glasses is sitting down at a table with glasses , a bottle , and a bird on it .
Two dogs are playing together on the pavement .
A bride adjust her husbands flower on his coat as she holds her own bouquet of flowers .
A man in a blue inform holding a soccer ball and standing on a soccer field .
A girl in a pink shirt is teaching a young man in a striped sweater how to knit .
A man wearing a gray long-sleeve shirt and khaki pants pushes a machine that is painting a yellow stripe on a parking lot .
One person in blue leggings enjoying ice skating .
A large crowd of people are congregated between a busy street and a tall building .
A dog is on his hind legs and a Frisbee is near the ground .
a violist playing next to an advertising sign
A group of girls join hands while being surrounded by dancing women .
People gathered around at an outdoor event .
A man in a Speedo and a woman in a bikini standing on the beach
A skateboarder approaches and other boarder watches , while a man , on a skateboard , rides his board up the wall of a skateboard park .
A lady cooking a cake for her family .
There is not an image here .
A rock band is performing on a dark stage .
A woman with long red-hair is standing in her white kitchen holding a sponge and smiling to the person taking the photograph .
Two men are using phone-booths that are located shortly outside of the downtown area of a city , by some trees .
Two young girls in a lake talking to each other .
A person sits on the ground in front of a child wearing blue .
Jumping with purple balls is so much fun !
A bridge hugs someone while wedding guests stand in the background .
Two young children playing with toilet paper .
Two black dogs are tugging at an orange toy that is between them .
Man in a blue shirt holding a woman 's legs on a train .
An elderly man wearing a heavy green coat is selling his goods at his spot on the sidewalk .
Men waiting , some sitting and other standing .
Workers cleaning up and rebuilding at a construction site .
A woman in a multicolored shirt makes a hammock .
People are playing volleyball at the beach .
little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens
3 male bikers staring at the left side of the picture .
playing soccer hard outside .
A woman dressed in black , with her hair up , squats next to her luggage to send a text message .
A man is standing in a pond and playing with water .
A man wearing a white shirt has his hands up in the air and shoulders shrugged .
Young girl hanging on a vine .
A little girl is playing with bubbles .
Two black dogs run with a tennis ball across the snowy dirt .
A person wearing a red helmet riding a white bike .
The small dog , wearing a harness , is running with a ball in its mouth .
An Asian child looking towards something wearing traditional clothing .
A man protests in support of a cause .
There are two couches and a table with neatly stacked clothes and papers
A group of individuals attend a park where they practice their martial arts .
A black dog runs with a ball in its mouth .
Two women are standing together smiling .
A topless bike rider smiling at the camera .
A man talking on his cellphone wearing white shoes .
Two children in a meadow standing on a little rock bridge over a creek .
Group of asian boy on the right of the long table of vegetables and food and asian adults on the left .
A boy in a red sweatshirt and baseball cap with his hand up is walking down a sidewalk .
A black man on a train .
A family of two woman and a young child sits on the grass in a park in front of three young girls .
Two white dogs are watching a lady while they are in a red truck .
A busy street with lots of people walking down the sidewalk on an overcast day .
A dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water .
A person sitting on train tracks is selling food .
A man holds a young , sick child .
Eleven girls in white tutus stand and pose on stage .
A child sleeping as a person holds a book .
Three people wearing hats , two sitting , talking , and eating , and one laying down .
A man in sunglasses and a baseball cap jumps for a yellow-striped volleyball .
Two people are working at a buffet .
Asian students wearing blazers sit at different tables and look at books .
A old man and young women dancing at a party .
Two men ( one wearing a camouflage jacket and one wearing a black jacket ) walking down the street talking and laughing .
A young woman dancing with an old man while other people watch .
A group of people holding up the American flag .
A group of musicians are playing instruments as the leader leads them .
The woman wearing an orange plaid shirt has tattoos , facial piercings , and ggauged ears , and the man looking at the camera has ggauged ears and a nose piercing .
A woman reaching for an item on a table .
Five women holding drinks are smiling into the camera .
A person walks up a snowy hill with skis on his or her back .
A woman in a sweater plays the harp .
The girl on the unicycle reaches out for the child on the scooter .
A couple of travelers in a train station .
A man in a white shirt who is crossing the finish line .
a woman siting in a black polka dot bathing suit top , and blue high waist underwear bottoms sitting in the sidewalk with three bags and a green bottle .
A man in a blue vest is sitting on a ledge and a crate doing work on window .
A little boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is pushing the swing that a little boy in a red shirt and blue shorts is sitting in .
His first look at the new city that he will live in has him staring out the bus window .
A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog .
a woman texting on a phone while sitting at a table .
A group of three young adults stopped to pose for a picture outside a clothing shop .
People sit in green chairs at tables in the street .
A man sitting on the kitchen floor playing drums on pots .
A lady in white face paint waits to have her photo taken .
A man in a chair wearing an apron and shaving cream
Two men in American military uniforms play a board game with two girls .
A dog is running along a beach on a sunny day .
A few people are sitting on a bench .
Man being towed behind a boat skiboarding at a high rate of speed .
3 men wearing black attire are reading .
A girl is playing soccer with other girls in the background .
A group of photographers are setting up for a photo shoot in a gymnasium .
A boy with glasses and plaid shirt reads a book .
Two dogs splash through the water .
A woman is inspecting some sort of device .
A young boy laying on his back under a piece of furniture .
A boy doing a flip in the air at the beach .
A young boy climbing up a rope of some playground toy .
A man in a pink shirt carries two people in a rickshaw near the beach .
A man looking out into the water through a telescope .
Two men and two women in the kitchen with wine and snacks .
A vehicle crowded with people .
Woman standing behind podium .
This is a man dressed in yellow holding the reign of a brown horse
A man in a suit walks along s large building .
A large meeting is being held in a room with built-in desks .
A man wearing a green shirt skateboarding down a street .
A shot haired woman in a white shirt giving a long-haired woman in a red shirt a manicure .
A lot of people eating in a common area .
A person in a blue hat is on a bridge overlooking train tracks .
Three men and a woman posing for picture
The young girl enters the room in amazement .
Several people are behind a fence , watching a nighttime construction crew working on a road .
A group of people waiting to ride boats .
A man is holding a pile of newspapers in a lobby , and a woman next to him has taken one of the newspapers and is smiling .
Spectators are watching a bull rider as the bull is bucking .
a big dog stiffing a smaller dog near the edge of a river .
A group of people sitting at a table with refreshments in what looks to be an art gallery .
A man in a red shirt , black overalls and sunglasses plays a guitar .
Two little boys are sitting in a metal shaped box while wearing bike helmets .
A man plays a drum , among a group of people are gathered in a nightclub .
A young African American boy bounces a soccer ball off his head as another beach visitor observes .
A man is sitting beside a bunch of material while sewing .
A young girl in a red dress walking down a forest path with a deer trailing behind her .
A small dog and a large dog with a rope in its mouth .
Children in red jerseys play soccer .
2 males , one in a red shirt and one in a yellow shirt , cleaning a room .
A businessman holds an umbrella over himself while the street is filled with rain .
People walk and stay out of the sun under the building structure .
A individual doing a handstand on a corner .
Guy playing cricket lying on the grass
An athlete on the Slough Jets hockey team is skating on an ice rink with a hockey stick equipped .
A man wearing a helmet and sunglasses smiles .
A group of young girls are playing soccer at night .
Four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing Elmo from Sesame Street .
Two girls playing at the beach one in pink and the other in black .
A woman and a man are passing by a window displaying a record .
Several students are working in a classroom
A woman dressed in black and a man dressed in white are pushing a garbage can .
An elderly asian woman checks the wares of a street vendor .
A man in blue pants and a blue sweatshirt makes a railing out of wood .
Two boys in uniforms bagging groceries in a grocery store .
The girls were in the crowd .
During the middle of a water fight a boy decides to dumb a gallon of water on a girl 's face .
Person in black coat shoveling snow off of a walkway .
A man in a bathing cap and swimsuit jumps into a pool while other men watch .
Two Police officers walk down the beach .
Person in black with a child in red walking in front of a large circle .
A woman walks down a city sidewalk at night .
Man in a black blazer singing or speaking into a microphone , may be a musician or public speaker .
A group of men in safety suits are on a boat near a bridge .
trick or treaters are sitting on the side of a porch .
A dog with a newspaper in his mouth runs down a paved path .
A boy wearing shorts and a watch kicks a soccer ball next to a picnic table .
A black and white spotted dog runs along the seaweed and sand .
A younger couple playing a board game .
A man is walking down a sidewalk under a " lounge bar " sign .
A man in a gray shirt plays electric guitar while a shirtless man in the background plays drums .
A man and two dogs are in a car .
Two kids are looking through a window with an adult in the back .
The child in the blue sweater is on a riding toy .
A man cuts the grass along side a wall of hedges .
A dark-skinned male with dark hair stands outside of a building with a display of sunglasses in one hand and one hand above his head .
An older man wearing a black jacket and sunglasses takes a nap on a park bench .
Old man in a light blue shirt and jeans works on wood carving in a workshop surrounded by other projects .
A man and woman running in white tennis shoes with numbers on their chests .
A person is walking on the night street under neon lights .
A couple sits together at a performance .
A man slumbers on a city bench .
Two dogs on the grass , barking at each other .
Formally dressed family watching a couple cut a cake .
A man in a white button up shirt and red tie talks to people in a restaurant .
A woman is giving a kiss to a young girl on the lips .
A woman in a black shirt waving at a large bus .
An adult is encouraging a young girl to try the slide .
A team celebrates a victory .
A surfer in water and foam .
A man on a bicycle is on only the back wheel .
A person is standing in a green field in front of several colorful hot air balloons .
Musician is dressed in white and playing keyboard with band .
A group of young people having fun and dancing .
Young boy wearing sunglasses , and a brown shirt with black swirls .
Three children playing on a beach .
5 men in drag holding purses
A child is playing with a yellow plastic shovel on a beach at the water 's edge .
A man is excavating something buried in the ground while other people look on .
A man with a blue shirt in a horse drawn cart travels down a cobbled street .
Some people riding scooters in the street .
A table is covered in a variety of cups .
A child in white shorts and a blue shirt is standing in the street .
Cop wrestle one man with his hand sticking up in the air as other cops watch .
A girl spins a merry-go-round at a playground .
A woman in a green sweater and striped shirt leans out of a window and holds a camera in front of her face , directing it at the photographer .
A man and woman kissing at a train station .
A man with a hat and a checkered shirt sitting next to another man with sunglasses on his forehead .
The woman in the brown shirt is watching the other woman dry her hair .
Three Boy Scouts are presenting on stage .
A referee offers his hand to a fallen soccer player .
Man holding grocery bags window shopping .
A young girl is leaping in the air , while playing softball .
A drawing artist sitting down to eat at a cafe after a long day of hard work .
Five elementary school children are running a relay race .
Two women walking down a city street as cars drive by .
A young rodeo clown in a black hat running toward a small child in a helmet that has fallen off of a sheep .
A surfer catching a large wave in the ocean .
Three young boys flash signs with their hands and smile .
Audience members attending an indoor concert while a shirtless band member sings .
a Black male is sitting outside working on a sewing machine .
Two girls hold a trash bag on the sidewalk .
A man in a white lab coat is seated and working .
A child with brown hair and an orange t-shirt sitting at a table .
A man reading a book on pavement .
The small girl in pigtails is wearing red socks , a red skirt and a white top .
A couple poses on a tree trunk for wedding pictures .
A young man with a large black portfolio is skateboarding on the sidewalk .
Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass .
A man with dirtied pants is sweeping the road with a red broom .
A bull rider struggles to stay a top his bull in front of spectators .
A girls basketball game with the girl on the white time dribbling the ball with the girls in the black on defense .
Two people create graffiti .
Two young men clutch rags in their hands as a elderly man tells them how to clean the large cross .
A mountain biker rides a trail through the woods .
A woman with long hair and a paisley dress sings .
A child runs through the ocean in silly clothes .
Three dogs run through a manicured lawn .
A girl in a red shirt is rock climbing .
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool .
A man climbing the icicles on a rock face .
a young person sliding down a sandy hill .
Four black men sit in a village , talking .
A man on a bicycle rides past a big building .
A person is biking in nature during the day .
A man jumping over a white fire hydrant on a skateboard .
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns .
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him .
Asian people sitting on an airplane waiting as the flight attendants is serving them food .
Colleges stop to take a break from there business meetings .
A young man in a red and white uniform throwing a baseball .
A child is performing a skateboard trick while another child with a skateboard leans on a wall .
A man in a tan suit jacket plays the clarinet .
A surfer performs a trick .
A man with a beard stands out in color .
An Asian man is getting ready to take a photograph .
A group eating lunch on break .
Girl plays with colorful letters on the floor .
A white poodle circles a sparkler embedded in sand .
Women handing a picture in a frame to a man wearing camouflage .
Two men on canoes on a lake .
A young girl in a pink shirt stretching to touch a green balloon .
an American footballer in a white strip is making a run with the ball .
A busy operating room with high tech equipment to assist the doctors .
Two men that are latched and secured working .
A man in a black shirt is talking to a man squatting down wearing a white shirt .
Two children climb a rock wall as two people watch carefully .
Two Asian elders are playing Chinese chess on a bench .
A climber is standing on rocks overlooking a snowy mountain range .
A smiling child hold a long yellow and green object while looking at another child who is holding a similar object .
A female is posing on a porch in the woods .
Two cloaked Asian men are holding red tipped microphones to their mouths .
A man on the streets .
An elderly man in coat and boots prepares a freshly caught fish .
A man is wearing a blue jacket and a helmet and riding a black bicycle .
two people are kayaking outdoors
Some people are standing alone on the beach in their swimsuits .
An animal running through the sand at the beach .
Person on bicycle doing a trick on white fencing .
A young girl is blowing bubbles with an orange bubble wand .
A boy in a wetsuit jumps into a pool with a bald man .
The boy wearing a blue shirt is blowing a huge bubble .
A group of three women huddle under an umbrella , while a lone woman sits on a bench outside a building .
A woman in a red shirt plays a cello .
A basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd .
Four men , two dressed in white and two dressed in red and black , are playing basketball .
African woman walking through field .
A man with dark colored hair is singing into a microphone .
A very wrinkled woman holding her glasses and walking down a city street .
two small children , a girl and a boy , dressed in white on a state posing in ballet poses .
A man in a tan jacket is singing into a microphone .
A group of guys are playing roller hockey .
A samurai warrior in full black dress takes his sword from the sheath on an outdoor training mat .
A boy hangs from a t-bar while a man gives him a push .
a person is walking down an alley lined with trees
A man prepares to put on a sandwich board advertising an Ebay business .
A man in black and one in red stand near each other on a tiled floor .
Frank Lampard going in for a tackle in a football game against Liverpool .
A young woman sands down an old shelf .
A man in a hat is sitting next to a little boy and next to a metal bucket .
People are crouched on the ground preparing something in a metal dish .
A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls .
A string quartet dazzles their audience .
a man in a blue uniform kicking the soccer ball down the field
Small and Large dog playing in the field .
The firemen in the picture are getting ready to use their fire equipment .
Various people on a basketball court .
Little boy sledding down a snow covered hill .
Two large seagulls are in the water .
A large group of people mingling in a room with a tile floor .
A karate class practices their kicks .
A person is walling through a lit tunnel with a green railing running down the middle .
The four older adults in the room are talking to each other .
An elderly man working on a painting .
A young child is sitting on the hood of a low-rider on a busy street .
A kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store .
A man in a t-shirt and shorts is sitting on the ground holding a cup while a bottle of water lays beside him .
A man white water rafting down a very strong current
A warehouse manager assisting an employee .
A blond woman in a blue shirt appears to wait for a ride .
A bald man wearing a blue shirt eating .
Man teaching his son on how to train an owl .
A man wearing a white shirt standing in a room full of people .
A team of male construction workers are carrying a beam .
A person sits in a chair suspended by chains at an amusement park .
Young people jog in the snow in this city scene .
A squad of military personnel are driving a jeep in an urban setting .
Kids outside a third world school .
A sailboat in the water .
Emergency medical crews , firefighters , and police officers at the scene of a car accident .
A young girl stops and looks at her newly won balloons .
Two old men , one holding a bag and one wearing a hat , walk down a leaf-covered path through the trees .
A shirtless little boy is jumping in the debris ridden water .
Several orange kayakers row in a mountain lake .
Male gymnast doing the stationary rings events at a competition .
a girl in a red jacket playing a guitar at a fair or circus .
A woman in a green plaid coat is standing in front of a bank of washers in a laundromat .
a male dressed in a white shirt with white shorts paints a white wall black .
4 rescue workers sit in a bright orange rescue raft in the water .
A woman working in an old-fashioned bar .
The wedding procession stands in wait for the newlyweds .
Four children are having a pillow fight .
A soccer player is on the field with his arms out , about to kick the ball .
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water .
A man touching a hanging strand of lamps .
This Nanny is being attentive to the two children seen in the picture , and has two other strollers close as well .
Three people stand outside one has a camera on a tripod .
A group of people walk in a line through a field next to a forest .
A woman looks at a book in a bookstore while holding a baby .
A man on a motorcycle with a cigarette hanging from his mouth .
In this picture , there are two college girls studying .
There a several people in a dark bar-type room , including one girl on a stool .
A woman helping another woman out with a website on a computer .
A large bird has its wings spread above a body of water
A dark-haired woman is using a tablet , surrounded by craft supplies .
Three football players playing a game while fans watch from the bleachers .
A woman is sitting in a chair filling out some paperwork .
Two groups of people crossing a street with no traffic , with multicolored multistory apartment buildings and a religious building in the background .
Three women on one side of a tug-of-war
Two young boys wearing jerseys are washing their hands in the bathroom .
A boy rides down the street with a younger boy behind him on the same bike .
A White lady meticulously paints her fingernails with black nail polish .
Two men , two children , and a woman all sitting down near a stand filled with purses .
A woman singing into a microphone and playing guitar at an event .
Two boys and a white dog stand in a park .
Woman plays guitar to two children .
A motorcyclist on a number 52 bike leans in for a sharp turn .
A 90-year-old woman blows out the ' 9 ' and ' 0 ' candles on her birthday cake at the dinner table .
Three women run barefoot on the sand towards the water .
A woman lies on the floor next to a baby .
A woman wearing headphones walks down the street .
An Asian child eating something .
A student is cutting paper with delight .
A small colorful race car on the track with people in the background in a roped off area .
A town of village shoppers and onlookers enjoy the beautiful day .
Two men and four white men stand around a table talking to each other .
Two men taking donations during the Christmas season
A man in yellow rain gear on a boat
Three men are working on a metal machine .
A fruit market stand displaying artichokes , and many different kinds of fruit .
14 men standing on a stairway outside almost all wearing the same shirt .
A man with brown hair drinking a soda .
A man wearing a white coat is talking on the telephone .
Two men sitting and having drinks .
Girl in black pants climbing smooth rock .
A man is using a donkey to pull a cart full of goods .
A man walks on the beach while carrying his shoes .
A young child is trying to catch bubbles that a woman is blowing towards her
A dog 's mouth opens to expose its sharp teeth .
A flag is carried .
A group of women in matching yellow shirts and white skirts walk together holding red and yellow flags .
A man reading a newspaper on a wooden outdoor bench .
A girl wearing a watch fixes her friend 's hair .
Two men pass each other , in sunglasses .
A man rides a bike under a blue and white sky .
Two dogs are playing and rolling around with each other in the grass .
A young man is sitting at a table with a laptop and earphones .
A woman playing the keyboard and singing awash in a blue light .
Four men seated , each one with a laptop in their lap .
A bald man is applying a tattoo on another person while wearing surgical gloves .
Two gray , speckled dogs running down grass hill , trees in background .
A construction crew is busy working , while a man is talking to the workers .
A bus is standing on the road while one man is driving a bicycle and second man is walking on the road .
Three dogs look on as two dogs attack a third dog in the streets .
An elderly person walks beside a city building pulling a cart behind them .
A male pianist sitting and looking at a beautiful black piano .
A man and woman walk down a sidewalk while they hold hands .
Two people are in a long wooden boat in a body of water .
The basketball court at West Virginia University .
Man in black jacket and beanie talks to woman in gray jacket and teal scarf .
A man in a small green clearing is bent over behind an olive-green car and surrounded by bushes and a brick archway .
An older man in a white sure is playing a guitar while others play different instruments .
A man playing ball at sunset .
Toddler walking along path .
Some Caucasian athletes are relaxing on a field .
A young boy stands barefoot on the beach wearing a green hat and a striped towel .
A man in plaid stops to take a picture while a man in blue looks off at something else .
A musical act on stage in the Good Morning America concert series
A young teenager is getting ready to kick a soccer ball .
The lady is dressed for cold weather .
A person carrying a microphone has a red covering over his head as he walks in front of a black covered table .
A man and a woman are sharing a meal at an outside restaurant .
A man and a woman walking down a snowy path .
A lot of Chinese people standing around .
A shirtless guitar player with long red-hair is playing at a concert .
People brooding about their lives in a crowded train
Two women are sewing designs on a piece of fabric , one if orange and one is black .
A man , wearing a striped shirt , is throwing a blue ball at a carnival game .
Four children jump into the pool together .
Bright light sparkles off water splashed up by two young guys .
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball .
Some adults and children together under a grass hut .
The dog is carrying a pink ball in its mouth .
This man is at a cemetery it looks like .
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field , two of them are holding shovels .
A man clad in a green , blue , and white shirt and black shirts , bearing the number 225 on his shirt , jogs along a path lined with grasses and greenery .
Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people .
A man is standing in the doorway while another man walks in a room that is in poor shape .
A young boy wearing swimming trunks is walking across rocks next to a beach .
A child wearing black and white swim gear kneeling in shallow water over a plastic yellow boat filled with wet sand .
Two dogs are running in the field .
A boy in an orange jersey and black shorts chases a soccer ball on a field .
A man installing a tile floor .
The gauges of a small flying vessel , with another plane and three people in the background .
A woman running through a grassy area with a brown and black dog .
A line of off road vehicles riding along a trail .
Three women are outdoors praying
Two girls are battling it out in a roller derby race with other competitors and the referee behind them .
A red biplane streaks across the sky leaving a white trail behind it .
Two women talk in the middle of a dilapidated roadway lined with cars and tents .
A man in a hat and green shirt is pushing luggage on a blue cart .
A lady walks up the steps from a subway .
A woman sits near an entrance with flowers in her hands .
A group of dogs playing in a large pool .
A woman in a white sweater has just thrown a football in the air .
Men wearing orange vests working on a railroad .
Four people snowboarding , dressed warmly .
A group of people on the sidewalk of a city street .
Several people wait for a train .
A group of people , possibly family , sitting on the floor playing a word game similar to scrabble .
kid swinging on a swing
A woman with a black hat and sunglasses strolls through the street carrying a brown purse .
A woman in a red shirt balancing a blue container of food on her head as she walks with a backpack .
Two women sit next to each other at a table in a crowded restaurant .
A man with crazy hair wearing a red shirt standing by a man with an electric hedge cutter .
The little boy in the red shirt is dancing with the lady in the brown shirt and blue jeans while two people look on .
A busy square somewhere in asia .
A young woman sits in a salon in front of a mirror while another woman braids her brown hair .
A man dressed in traditional Dutch clothing is on a wooden stage with four young children .
A boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars .
A guy in a blue t-shirt is admiring a Barbie doll .
Soldiers carry flags and march in a parade .
A child standing , surrounded by bikes .
A baseball player jumps over another player that is sliding into the base .
An artist creating a sculpture .
A man is pointing a gun in army colors .
Ladies are dressed in white and are all tying white scarves on their heads .
little boy enjoying a day at the park
A student is sitting down taking an exam .
There is a man wearing a hat and a blue jacket but he is also riding on a elephant .
A woman in a white gown stands with other girls dressed up , one points across the street .
An athelete takes a break and sits in the grass drinking water .
A little boy in a yellow tee-shirt is taking a bite of a banana .
A group of cyclists discuss directions
A man and two women are opening a black door .
A lady sitting on the couch in front of a large set of windows reading .
Man jumping with a rock formation in background .
A boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail .
A woman wearing red flip-flops site on a wall while listening to something with headphones .
A man an little girl hiking and looking at the different plant growth along the way .
A woman is drawing a caricature of a young boy .
Two women walking down the sidewalk .
A woman stands on the sidewalk of a city street wearing a sandwich board advertisement while people walk by .
A small girl wearing a white and multi-print dress sitting at the bottom of a slide .
A baseball player ( not the pitcher ) is winding up to throw the ball to another player .
A redhead girl in a pillow fight .
A man in a chef 's hat is preparing food .
a rock climber
A man hangs on to a strand of cloth with his big toe , his fingers and his teeth while standing on a platform by a river .
A young man on a sail ski wearing a dry suit in the middle of a body of water
A hockey game is going on in a large ice rink .
A man has a guitar signed by someone .
A man and a woman in bathing suits hold each other in a body of water .
A little blond boy waterskis .
A woman standing on a snowy hill about to ski .
A man mid-jump on slalom skis .
A small crowd watches military men in a tent area .
A group of elderly people visiting a market stand near a rooster .
Citizens bustle about their town leisurely .
Three white men in t-shirt jump into the air .
Three girls and a guy wait for a rail train .
The skateboarder is doing a trick off the side of a half pipe
woman in blue shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball .
Young woman sitting on the ground outdoors on the sidewalk alone .
A woman and a man pose with Groucho Marx disguises .
Two people kissing .
A little boy is jumping into the water from a platform .
Baby sleeping in his car seat .
A shot of trees with the sky scrapers overlooking the view .
An asian man is sitting on a piece of fur and is smoking a pipe
A speed skater on the ice rink .
Little girl is playing on the wet sand of a beach .
A climber scales a rock wall .
A middle-aged man is reading the newspaper and drinking Starbucks coffee in the park .
Children taking part in karate class .
A girl jumps over the grass tufts on a sandy area near the sea .
A man with a black had holds a long thin device while perched on a seat that is in front of a curb and bushes .
Two young boys with no shirt on , wearing shorts , and blue Crocs on a rock .
A woman is wearing a taupe coat and is sitting near some water
Two children sit on a small seesaw in the sand .
Two children playing in a lake
A woman is preparing food on a grill .
Smiling young girl wearing pink headband and lavender shirt
Two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player .
Person with afro shaking hands with crowd .
A boy in a red sweatshirt leans on a rock .
A public worker is sweeping up a massive pile of trash in front of a monument at a city square .
A lady in a white hat , long light green coat , black pants and white shoes is at the map deciding where to go .
Two dogs are being led into a building on leashes .
A child sleeping on a striped pillow .
A woman in a blue outfit is upside down with her body erect .
A man stands in front of a microphone wearing glasses and looking at a piece of paper .
The black and white dog jumps in the air to catch the white Frisbee on the grassy field .
A photographer taking a photo of a message on a set of doors .
A little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail .
The man in the green shirt is smiling and holding an axe .
People are ordering pizza from a pizza store .
People are walking along an icy pass .
The view of a man with a shaved head and blue shirt through a chain-linked fence .
A boy covers his face while sitting on a trampoline .
A Marquette University player is going towards the basket , and is being contested by a St . John 's defender at Madison Square Garden during the Big East Tournament .
A man sitting close to the floor polishes another man 's shoe .
Boy jumping off the high diving board at a public pool .
A man and a woman are standing on a stage .
Two elaborately costumed people applying face paint .
A man with torn jeans plays an acoustic guitar .
Man doing a flip over concrete in front of people .
Two baseball players , one trying to catch the ball and another trying to slide to the base .
a bicyclist jumping a trick on a bike
A woman with a backpack walking past a purple wall .
A man is leaning on a counter .
Man fishes in ocean .
Three blond girls wearing black shirts and pants play brass instruments behind a music stand .
A boy and a person suspended above a dome structure .
A young boy playing tee ball just swung his blue bat and knocked the ball off the tee .
A woman in a purple jacket is eating a snack at a table behind the tree .
A group of people walking as the sun sets .
Three children playing on a swing set .
A man with dark hair and a brown jacket frowns as he stands in the snow .
Several people walk on a sidewalk next to a tall structure with a mural painted on it .
A woman kisses the cheek of a man in an orange t-shirt .
A male surfer exiting the ocean with his surfboard .
Asian female , with a bag on walking by the subway station .
People in a break area enjoying refreshments at Halloween .
A man excitedly pushing in lawn mower in the backyard of a house .
The two girls are enjoying sledding in the snow .
A man shaves his face while somebody else watches .
The image shows the reflection of a man and woman located at a terminal of some sort .
A girl in a green shirt is hanging upside down .
Two motorcycle drivers race around a bend at high speeds wearing highly florescent yellow , blue and green colors .
A professor lectures an attentive group of students .
A boy points at something while a man looks .
A soldier is leading a pack of soldiers while holding a blue flag in his right hand .
A young boy is taking a nap underneath a piece of cardboard that reads , " Connie Facial Tissues . "
A man intensely works on his laptop in an office environment .
A woman with black pants , a pink long-sleeve shirt and a black purse is standing at Mud 's food truck looking at the menu .
Two Indian style dancing ladies with their backs to the camera are in a synchronized pose .
Four people in a kitchen
A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot .
A man in white pants is sitting in the street on a wooden chair .
A little boy in an apron helps his mother cook .
Two ladies running in front of a Coca-Cola ad .
A group of people including a nun , a lady , and a man are holding a piece of paper in front of a table with food .
Three members on the same team at a game , one trying to make the basket .
A man having a meal on a table outside .
A driver is staring out her car window at a cat in the street .
An Asian man sits on a stoop polishing cookware .
A lady in all white sits on a mat with a ball in her hand .
A man in a white hoodie is sitting on top of bamboo scaffolding near the roof of a building holding a spade .
Three boys with blue shirts smiling for camera photo .
a Young girl writing with a purple pencil .
A man in a suit , glasses , and backwards baseball cap makes a goofy face while playing an electric guitar .
two young girls fly a kite .
A young girl in a yellow dance , dancing on a stage with a baseball field in the background .
A surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine .
A man stands among horses that carry a carriage that allow for people to ride in .
A man attached to a harness is climbing a rock wall .
A man with a beard that is squatting and a woman on her hands and knees are painting a mural of a woman and children on the ground .
Four women are standing and talking to each other .
A place crowded with people coming and going .
A woman and two children reading outside on a stone bench .
A window artist stops for a quick break as she decides on her next set of strokes .
Many pigeons are crowded around the feet of a woman in a blue tank-top and ripped , blue jeans .
A brunette figure skater in a navy blue outfit and white skates twirls in the foreground while another figure skater in a light blue outfit skates behind her .
A group of five friends , jump with excitement outside in a courtyard .
A Choir wearing all black performing on a stage .
Young man practices his golf stance at the driving range
A woman reading to a little girl in a dress .
Two black dogs in the snow .
Children and adults snowshoeing with tents in the background
A black women wearing loose clothes shakes dust from an item .
Three kids play with silly string .
A biker is attempting to fix his bike in a mountainous area .
A girl draws a flower on her hand .
A pale dog is running along a dirt path .
People protesting for a cause in the early morning .
A man wearing glasses is holding a pan and tossing it 's contents into the air .
A group of people wait behind a metal fence .
A little black girl eating rice with a big spoon .
Two men are posing oddly outdoors .
Two girls reading about the Berlin Wall 's history .
Two men in black celebrating on a tennis court opposite two men in white .
A girl takes a picture of her friend who is leaning on a picnic table .
Brunette woman in a white shirt , standing in front of a counter .
An oriental woman with her fist raised in the air , other oriental people around her , and a black Moped beside her .
A player is sliding into home plate with the catcher guarding it .
One man is watering the grass , while an older man watches him work .
A man is in a truck that is lying on its side during a truck event .
A man in a button up shirt and tie is wearing a smiling mask .
A man in a plaid shirt stands in a cave .
A group of people waking down a city street .
Five people wearing black clothing stand on a stage performing .
Mom and her three children riding on a bicycle built for four .
Man leaning on ledge of a balcony .
A man all in gray is a living statue .
A group of ladies walking along a sidewalk next to a blue and white wall .
Two men and a woman singing and playing instruments on a stage .
A solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
A man wearing a hard hat wades through water .
Man in a denim jacket looking out a large window .
A sports player on a field lying face down on the grass .
A young boy is holding a paper , which says " Radeo " , above his homemade radio .
Security officers are standing near a sporting event tent .
A group of musical performers are playing and a crowd of people is around them .
A white dog swimming while holding a orange toy in his mouth .
Antics in a covered pool .
The police are on the scene of what ever happened , with a handcuffed man .
A child in a blue uniform kicks a soccer ball .
A woman wearing a black shirt and red visor takes a sip of beer with her eyes closed .
A man in a black shirt prepares to play the drum .
a black motorcycle is parked in a parking lot while another comes around the hill .
Three young men take a jump shot with a tarp underneath them next to a stand of trees .
Three men cross the street in front of a yellow truck .
A person walking on the snow by a mountain carrying a walking stick .
A young boy is sitting on stairs with a book .
A man in a gray suit walks down a stone corridor , carrying a briefcase .
The view from a overlook at the public beach .
A lot of people wearing blue are at the wharf today .
A man in overalls is working on a train engine sitting idly on the tracks .
Four guys in striped shirts playing music instruments in a restaurant .
a group pf railway construction workers fixing a section of railroad track .
A man reads in a microphone while another plays the saw .
A woman is holding a drink can .
Child in gray sweatshirt hanging from metal bar
A mature woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket .
A man talks on his cellphone in front of an advertisement .
A girl in jeans jumps in a field .
A group of friends enjoy desert .
A dog is shaking the water from its fur creating a spray and mist .
A man is parallel in the air , trying to kick the soccer ball past the goalie .
a young child carrying a doll in a stroller
A little blond girl is cooking pancakes .
A baby playing in the water at a beach
Little girl about to cool down in her pool .
Four women and one man sitting on the sidewalk with sleeping bags .
A man and a woman are staring into the ocean .
Many people are sitting by long tables filled with computers but most are not using them .
A young man with a shaved head and glasses is sitting at a kitchen table using a computer .
A group of runners are running down the street and turning a corner .
A young girl rides a swing high into the blue sky .
A man sitting behind a typewriter on the street selling poetry .
A team of baseball players in blue uniforms , walking together on field .
A man in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
Two white dogs are running through the grass .
A man in skateboarding in an empty swimming pool .
A young boy jumps on a slide in a backyard .
Two Asian people are making faces at each other on a subway platform .
A woman smiles after opening up a gift .
A teenage boy wearing a white shirt is sitting down next to two other boys who are standing .
A little girl wearing a princess Halloween costume .
A man prepares to use his leaf blower .
A man sitting at a fruit stand talks to a boy wearing a bookbag .
A woman stands in a field with her hands on her hips while a man runs up behind her .
Two small dogs playing in the snow together .
A young girl holds a crying infant .
Here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party .
A person in a purple hoodie and straw hat painting a dockside scene .
A yellow car drives across a snowy path .
Two dancers are giving a performance at public function .
A dirt bike rider in an orange an white uniform riding a dirt bike in a stadium .
White bird flying above water .
A group of women breastfeed their babies while sitting cross legged on the ground .
A man in a suit is standing at a podium in front of an audience .
A man in bright yellow goulashes sweeps garbage from the street .
Two dogs are wrestling over a piece of black material .
Two men wearing hats are shown at the front of a crowd of people .
Older woman and young child unwrap a child 's painting easel .
Girl on swing in front of building .
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide .
A black dog wearing a collar running across the beach .
Small children climb a statue in a park .
A baby is laughing .
An old woman is walking by a building with graffiti on it .
A man with dark hair and glasses baking bread .
A woman in a knitted cap is waiting for the subway .
A girl holding a stuffed Psyduck toy is smiling while sitting on a bed .
Two young men watching the fast moving cars on the street in front of them .
A boy wearing sunglasses on his head looks at the camera .
Two people are on a black motorcycle driving very fast .
A BMX biker performing a trick in midair over a dirt course .
A crowd of people walking outside .
A man is using a spatula while cooking over a steaming grill or flat top .
Good morning America hosts their summer concert series brought to you by Walgreens .
A person holds a young child in front of a sheep while a woman looks on .
A woman getting a styling cut from a female hair stylist .
A man pushes his walker passed a ' Model Express ' .
A group of men in reflective gear are holding light sticks while standing on a wooden floor that has outdoor lighting .
Every one walking on the grass has on blue jeans and are walking arm in arm .
Only a few people are enjoying the day at the beach near the yellow bulldozer .
The lady wearing a black top is playing the cello .
A woman is sitting on the steps in front of a large black door , writing in a notebook .
Man in white plastic lawn chair sleeping in shade .
Lots of people are dancing and having a good time .
country people chatting outside .
A young man wearing a life jacket is paddling his way on a lake in a canoe .
Many people wearing numbers , hats and jackets are running in a race .
A parent helping their child walk in the snow .
A guy and girl in the distance looking up at a shot taken on the basketball court as they play .
A man is selling water and lemonade at a stand .
A crowd taking way from the sun underneath a shielding tarp .
Two women , one old and one young , and wearing long black coats are looking at something from a sidewalk .
A large bird stands in the water on the beach .
A child in yellow and black kicks a blue and black ball .
A man with jeans and a brown shirt is bending over to examine the wheel of a black train that is on a railroad track .
people gathered around watching street performers playing various instruments
Teenagers congregate outside a brick building
Three teenagers outside walking down the street .
One man is climbing a rock wall , while another man , below , holds a rope .
A man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .
three guys are on the beach and one is doing some kind of move where is body is off the ground .
A woman wearing a skirt is walking down a street .
A snowboarder in bright green performing a jump at a competition .
A man wearing glasses plays a large brass instrument
A glassblower is crafting a beautiful piece of art in his fire .
A small girl with face paint paints a picture outside .
A group of people are leaping into the air simultaneously on a grassy field while a guy in a checkered shirt looks on .
Toddler in red jumper plays with Toy Story figurines .
Several adults speak to one another or examine materials being distributed at partitioned display booths .
Two asian men working on the side of a street with parked cars .
A fluffy , white dog running in the snow .
People stand in and around the basket of a red hot air balloon , with a partly deflated balloon in the background .
A waterfall splashes into a pool at the bottom of a steep grassy hill .
A red-clad man rides a bike through rocky ground while another man looks on
A woman holds her child out of a red window , next to a Color TV sign .
Palestinians protesting US aide to Israel .
A boy sits under a bear with Einstein 's picture on it .
A woman in a gray jacket is riding her bike and looking at her mobile device .
Woman and dog selling her wares on the old building steps outside .
Two young boys are playing outside a restaurant .
A dentist is looking in a female patient 's mouth while another man adjusts the light .
A man in a black vest is whispering in the ear of a smiling girl .
A colored man and a young blond , both dressed in jeans and maroon t-shirts , carry a banner which reads , " Maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody . "
A toddler girl swings in a yellow child 's swing .
A man in yellow set up a band next to a crowd .
Three bicyclists are looking at a bicycle turned upside down with one wheel off .
A woman in a blue dress holding orange flowers at a dinner with a blond man in the front .
A young girl is exploring the woods .
A jockey wearing red rides a horse over a lush green grassy area .
A tree limb has fallen across the sidewalk near the pavilion .
Security guard at a art museum .
A woman in sunglasses that appears to be pregnant is carrying a Bud Light can .
Two girls in colourful clothes inside a shower enclosure .
A group of construction workers wearing hard hats are standing , holding gloves and tools .
This is a guy with brown hair and a white shirt performing while playing his drum
A woman and a child sit together and smile .
A man with a basketball blocks an attempt to take his ball .
A man pushing a cart selling treats of some kind .
Migrant workers working for the government on its big plantation .
An american football player is attempting to make a tackle .
Two asian women working in a restaurant prepare meals .
a shop in a city big city area .
One guy has his shirt off and he is holding a guitar while pointing his finger .
Five women wearing skimpy red and black outfits pose .
A huge inflatable santa slide with two people selling something on the side of the road
A woman with a pink hat is lacing the shoe of a little girl dressed in purple .
Wakeboarder pulls off a Stalefish , a pretty tricky bend of your body when grabbing your board .
A small girl dressed in a white smock with pink balloons is holding a candle lantern .
A man and a woman prepare a meal using eggs while standing in a kitchen .
A man with facial hair and a hat stands next to a woman in a red hat in front of a staircase .
People are gathered flying kites on a hillside .
A woman with red-hair is stapling paper .
A group of people is traveling through a terminal with moving walkways .
A group of middle eastern men are pictured seated in a building .
A young boy runs after some chickens .
Men play field hockey .
This track team is getting ready for the track meet .
A man in a dark jacket and a hat reading a paper while leaning .
A white truck filled with a sofa , table , wrapped blue blankets , and a steel gurney standing under a thin tree .
A young woman with beige pants is walking a dog .
Two bikers riding their bikes in the rain at a skate park .
Two men are ice fishing .
A group of men are cleaning up debris
A person with gray hair is painting in a public place surrounded by others who are also painting .
Two women , wearing white shirts , colorful scarfs , white gloves , dark sunglasses and hats , wave to others .
An older Indian lady buys herbs from an outdoor market .
Six young people are jumping up with their hands in the air .
The woman in purple sweatshirt speaks while her friend in green sweatshirt listens .
A small white kid holding a black umbrella in front of him , in order to block the pressurized water being shot out from a red firetruck in the parking lot .
A man in a purple shirt is holding a large fishing net .
A woman holds a small infant over a skateboard at the beach .
A man in a tan shirt sculpting stone .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A man and a woman are standing at a desk , looking at some papers .
A group of people are gathered .
Two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road .
A rodeo dressed clown handing out American flags to children .
A boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches .
A young boy is yawing as a woman talks to him .
A man with a beard , hair piled atop his head and dressed in jeans and a hoodie is holding a microphone while standing next to a large support built from concrete blocks .
A gentleman with a red shirt , glasses and graying hair is standing in a room full of seated people .
Six people , four male and two female , hanging out in a living room .
Two teams playing football and the player wearing number 12 is running with the ball trying to evade the tacklers .
A man throwing a Frisbee as another man watches .
An elderly man wearing a white jacket is walking down the sidewalk .
Five people are standing in the middle of the street .
A black and tan dog is carrying a light blue ball near a fence .
This guy is trying to work on his bike .
People are outside walking .
A parachutist landing in the ocean .
Players engage in a rugby match in a stadium filled with spectators .
A male and a female are hiking in the woods .
A young girl sits in a highchair and eats red food while making a mess .
A newlywed couple pose for formal pictures in front of a beautiful water fountain .
Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assembling a building frame .
Two men kayaking on the ocean near the shore while they fish .
Child inside of large snow fort .
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building .
A dark-haired woman sitting on the sofa with her head on a white pillow crying .
Little league slides into plate where rival player crouches in anticipation .
A man riding a skateboard on a half pipe in the dark .
Two hockey players celebrating .
8 construction workers high up in the air putting up scaffolding .
A man in a white shirt is selling cigarettes and soda .
Two US navy workers stand at an event .
A church choir is rehearsing with white books open in their hands and an instructor in front conducting .
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin .
A group of Asian people looking at craft supplies being offered by a young woman .
A black dog carries a bird in its mouth as it jumps over a fence .
Two people looking at the outdoor menu of a restaurant .
A man in red on a bicycle rides past a glass structure .
A girl in a dress sitting on a red swing ride .
With one hand on her outthrust hip and the other held high in celebration , a blond woman in her 30s , wearing a white t-shirt and feather boa , poses for the camera amongst a group of fellow partiers .
A group of workers are waiting to be picked up .
Two women playing musical instruments in a concert setting with a couple of men .
Man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bike behind him .
Little boys are swimming with older men .
Three people sitting at a round table are looking at another man pointing at something written on the wall .
An audience watch as six men prepare to run a race .
A bird takes off , surrounded by large rocks
A toddler is being fed a burrito .
Two men sitting by a table lit with candles .
A woman serves out of a drive through window of a Nathans .
A crowd of people are passing a person over their heads at a music concert .
A man in a dark blue coat is lying in the snow outside of a home .
A man cooking sausage and bacon over an open fire .
Six young kids playing soccer on a sunny day .
Two crouched men are working on an high construction site .
Two men in red shirts carrying a glass pane across a street crosswalk .
Two kids in a green tree .
A basketball player takes a shot .
A smiling girl in a white t-shirt and pink pants , smiling and standing in a contraption .
A girl rides a horse .
A woman wearing a white , flowing dress and headscarf is walking barefoot in a stream with two young shirtless boys .
People are crossing a tree lined street in front of a building .
Two women in light blue shirts place a stone tile in a garden .
Two people who look bored are sitting on a train or bus .
A woman in a floral pattern dress is operating a loom .
A young boy riding in a green boat .
Two young girls playing outside on the playground .
A family is playing on the beach with their dog .
A man and a young girl swimming .
The mother in green is looking at her son while he is crying .
A cyclist rides down a muddy roped off path through the forest .
A man in an orange jacket is snowboarding .
A person is riding a bike on a shady sidewalk .
Men in suits and military uniforms looks on as two men shake hands .
a large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band .
A dog chasing a ball in snow .
Two men walking along a dirt road with barely any trees in the distance .
A man on skis is performing a stunt at an event with many people in the background .
A happy soccer clad in a white uniform player takes the ball ahead of the other team , who are dressed in red .
A white man with a blue shirt is on stage singing a song , his black guitar player is standing behind him providing the music .
A small child staring at a horse and a pony .
man and women holding hands and walking down the street .
A child walks in a grassy field .
A blond woman pours liquid into a glass ; there are many bottles behind her and a jack-o-lantern in front of her .
Two toddlers are sitting in a plastic playpen with a blue floor .
An older workman is standing in wet cement with a trowel .
A man flips in the air before a crowd of onlookers .
Two young men lift their ballet partners outside .
A guy with long hair wearing a red shirt is playing guitar and smoking at the same time .
Children walk past a three story abandoned and shuttered brick building .
A little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground .
A child playing with a sword at the bottom of the stairs .
An Asian man is throwing a javelin in a yellow shirt .
Two people are in a sky carriage .
A skier wearing white pants and a purple and black jacket poses for a picture next to a sign near the ski lift .
A lady wearing a black coat is walking a dog on the street and the other people are walking and standing in front of the building .
A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net .
A group of young people wearing name tags are smiling and holding a yellow broom and a blue dustpan .
A middle-aged white man is sitting alone in a bar that has a very contemporary design .
A woman runs along a rocky shore .
A boy in jeans , a helmet , and red shoes goes rock climbing indoors .
A man wearing shorts and black shoes performs in front of a crowd .
Two basketball players watching the ball .
A black dog with white paws jumping from a bale of hay .
Two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball .
Some children climb around a shrine .
A man is panting a piece of wood .
A strange piece of art with lights .
Two crew workers in orange and yellow safety gear are holding a long , thick road that runs over the edge of a structure .
A tattooed man holds a young child who is clutching money .
A man cleaning the window of a gift shop .
The infant boy is sitting on a man 's leg who is wearing a black shirt .
A young man wearing jogging shorts and a marathon number running on a road past a field on a clear day .
A man tows a trailer with a small tractor-like vehicle .
An elderly Asian man plays an instrument .
A little girl wearing a pink hat is looking over the pool watching someone performing on stage
A motocross rider is slightly airborne on a competition circuit jump .
A young boy is standing in a classroom trying to make a craft project , but having difficulties , while his classmates watch him .
A woman sitting on the subway is holding a white box while closing her eyes .
Blond-haired blue eyed toddler brushes teeth .
A man and a woman are dressed up as ghost busters on a city street .
A man in blue shirt is staring on something .
Four people wearing Chicago Cubs shirts are wearing paper bags on their heads that spell out Cubs .
A man holding a rifle and dressed in camouflage with his dog in a field .
man waving his hands in the middle of a street .
Toddler boy smiling while in a swing
One person walked by a building named Mr Bagel 's .
A man and his canine on the beach .
A man playing a xylophone in an open area .
Water polo player jumps high for the block !
A boy is sitting on a black boat with two flags on long poles .
A man is sitting at a table eating and drinking .
4 children and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees .
A little boy jumping while holding a lady hand .
A woman in a black dress standing on the deck of a boat .
A father ( or child molester ) swims with a small child in a pool .
Two children are riding in a red play vehicle at a real gas station .
A group of young people walks into a building .
There is white steam going up into the sky .
Two children in blue pass a baton on a racetrack .
Two men work next to a cement truck .
Three girls in winter coats are outside in a snowy forest .
here are two teen Girls , talking to each other , or maybe text messaging someone .
A father pushes his daughters go-kart while another girl watches
Firefighters wear reflective uniforms and stare upwards .
A woman in a pink sweatshirt looks at an attraction while walking through a carnival .
A male and female are at a table with a drink .
An injured football player on crutches , wearing a red white and blue uniform , looks towards the sky .
A man is wearing a blue shirt , with no shoes trying to workout .
A woman in a shirt and orange panties jumping into a big lake .
Two boys are holding up a blue Unicef bag and a blue Unicef bucket .
A man keeps order on a crowded street of people .
A black dog catches a red and blue tennis ball .
A man is wearing a green shirt and a welders mask .
A cowboy falling off a bull at a rodeo .
A barber giving an older gentleman a haircut .
A little girl is covered in a towel at a swimming pool .
A woman in black wedged sandals is wearing white pants and a sleeveless black shirt while standing in front of a building .
A man in black slacks leaves the New York Dolls Gentlemen 's ' Club .
A group of several people are attending an event .
A young female softball outfielder has just thrown a ball , while players run to their bases .
A man in a black brimmed hat and a red shirt is reading a book in front of a garage .
A brown dog is trying to retrive his orange ball that has fallen in a dirt hole .
Three bikers biking with traffic following a bus .
A young girl is walking up to a bridge near dusk and is about to pass by a statue .
A black dog with a red and white rope dog toy in its mouth , standing in front of a building .
A man lying in a hospital bed .
A boy is doing a jumping stunt on a bicycle in a run down street .
Two men are playing guitar in the hallway .
Three young boys fish on a man-made structure .
A man stands at a busy bus stop .
A dog with a red collar is walked on a field .
A city street with transit buses and a crowd of people waiting to board the bus .
A baby in an orange suit is playing with some strings of beads .
A girl wears gray and yellow uniform with heeled boots while four other girls wear yellow and black costumes with hats .
A woman in jeans and a blouse is carrying a blue shopping bag and leading a child through the mall .
A cyclist wearing a red and black jersey is competing in a race .
A young child with his face in his plate .
Several people stand in a forest area while a man in a black shirt sits in the distance .
Two women buying a product that the one woman in the green toboggan is selling .
Two men , one sitting and one standing , are at the controls at an airport .
Two kids are running from the dinosaur statue .
five people clapping on a stage
A little boy in a green striped shirt holding up a stick on his porch .
A young boy wearing a red shirt with yellow writing on it and a red sports cap is squatted in shallow water and touching a yellow pail filled with sand .
The golfer in the blue shirt and visor is chipping out of the bunker to try to reach the green from roughly 150 yards .
A man sits in a dirty blue boat .
A man wearing a purple shirt is playing a trumpet .
A man dressed in black is sitting at an orange table and is on a laptop .
Two women are looking at jewelry .
A man in a blue sweater is sitting outside in front of a blue car .
A man holding a plastic bag is walking in front of some graffiti on a wall .
A man and a boy backpack hiking through a forest .
An older man in a white jacket works at a stand featuring a wide variety of colorful food .
A man and a woman are in a parking lot moving some seats .
Girl wearing black headscarf walks in desert .
A young female tennis player dressed in white has just hit the tennis ball to her opponent .
Dog swimming in the water with a stick .
A young man and a young woman serve food
A girl in a black hat is sitting on a rock in the shallow end of a lake .
A woman dressed in all white in a crosswalk .
A man in a white shirt doing some kind of work on a street .
A girl in a short v-neck blue dress and high heel sandals is carrying a bouquet of calla lilies down and aisle with a man in a tuxedo .
A middle-aged man sits in an industrial workspace reading a newspaper .
A young boy seems to be enjoying himself in a park .
The child with black hair is eating corn on the cob .
An older gentleman plays with his dog with a toy bone .
Two men are making a snack with their children
A man makes a call on a cellphone .
Two men standing at the feet of a large sculpture .
An elderly man wearing a straw hat is sitting in a chair .
two young children walking on a tiled floor
A black man with a red mask is carrying a box .
Teams assemble on a soccer field wearing blue , red , and yellow uniforms .
an indian woman dressed in blue and purple cooks something over an open fire .
Boy playing in water at the beach shore .
Customers interacting and watching television in a bar .
Basketball players in a stadium with the audience behind them , one player is about to slam dunk and score .
Two men play guitar among a group of people on a boat .
A bald middle man in a orange stripe shirt talking to a young Asian woman about a purchase on his meal .
Football player in black and yellow avoiding tackles by three players in red .
A man in a red jacket is reunited with a woman .
A baseball outfielder is leaping against the fence as he watches the ball sail over it .
Two individuals are fencing in a gymnasium while another person watches .
Two young boys , both wearing swim trunks and a shirt , are playing in the ocean .
Two dogs are shaking off water while playing with a ball on the edge of a body of water .
A man cutting a block of ice .
Boy riding a donkey talking to another boy standing by an adobe wall .
A group of men wearing orange reflective vests and pants are posing for a photo .
A young girl , wearing blue goggles , riding a floatie in a pool .
A man wearing a yellow helmet with his visor up rides a red motorbike .
A guy in a blue shirt , shorts and sandals is giving a speech with a microphone to some people sitting in the front row of an auditorium .
4 people trying to fix a bike on a park
Three dogs are playing .
Two people are hiking in a mountainous region .
A woman climbing a rocky cliff .
a demonstration of how good KitchenAid products are .
A man stands at a traffic light , waiting to cross the street .
A muscled African man plays the accordion .
A girl making a face jumps in front of a scenic view of mountains and water .
three ladies posing for the camera
A man in a white shirt and a man in an orange shirt and red turban are looking at things under microscopes .
Man in vest making cookies .
A woman talking to a man in a bar .
A man in a red shirt posing next to a red canoe by a sign for Crooked Run Creek .
this Man is Fishing around a bunch of Boats , He has n't Caught one , yet .
In a kitchen , a man intently tries to get a piece of meat into a metal bag .
Two mountain climbers are smiling on the mountainside .
Two motorcycle cops are sitting in the street talking .
A person , dressed in black , skipping down a snow covered road and playing with a black dog .
A man is doing a back flip off a ramp on a mountain bike in the wild .
A woman spending the day playing golf .
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino 's Pizza sign .
There are many different colored balls .
four children playing cards at a table .
A small white dog runs across the sand .
A man holds his child at a restaurant as the child reaches across the table .
Several people are posing for a photo with the naked cowboy in NYC .
A little girl wearing a hat and scarf playing on a wooden playground .
A dog stands shoulder deep in muddy water .
As I overlook the city I pick up my guitar because of the inspiration .
A young man in white shorts prepares to hit a tennis ball .
Three ladies wearing dresses are bent down in a muddy creek gathering green plants .
A man photographs out off of the frozen land .
A little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .
A brown dog rests on a green cushion .
A man on a motorbike is leading a horse that is giving someone a ride .
Two men playing with their black and white dogs on the beach .
a brother and a sister playing outside
A child sits on a grassy hillside next to a steel structure .
A man wearing a harlequin top is putting on face makeup .
The guy on the BMX bike is taking a sharp turn .
Two young boys on a relay team exchanging the baton .
Two women in leopard print dresses walk down the street .
A little girl dressed in dark colors stands on a rock overlooking a large pond at the park .
A woman with a box stands in a crowd .
A couple dressed for a formal event posing together .
Three dogs wearing vest are running on the green grass .
A baby is sleeping on a blanket .
Two oriental women who are both wearing skirts and crossing the street .
A nascar driver trying to keep his car on the course
A band dressed in red and black plays music while marching down a street .
A man working with a machine .
A brown-skinned man in a green hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans is wearing headphones connected to a handheld device .
Two people stand in front of a hot circular grill and a basket of eggs , one cooking the eggs while the other waits for them to be completed
White man with glasses sitting next to another man who has earphones in .
Two men are cooking in a kitchen .
A college football and cal is kicking a field goal .
A woman on a horse wrangling a cow in a pen .
Children of opposing teams playing a game of soccer
A man in reflective orange gear carrying a buffer up an escalator .
Three people on ATV 's outside .
bystanders view the available fish at a fish market .
kids play ultimate Frisbee .
a man sits down next to a rusty wall .
Three people watch a fourth draw a chalk portrait on the street .
A man weaves fibers together while seated on a stool
Two gentlemen in top hats and a well-dressed lady in a straw hat ride in a green and red carriage pulled by four white horses .
Two women in flowered Asian garb pose and smile .
Five people standing outside posing for a picture .
Man helps another person reach the top of a rock they are climbing .
A man sitting on the ground creating designs out of vegetables .
a lady eating from a plate next to a Sprite bottle
A rainy day for drivers and pedestrians .
A baseball player trying to steal a base while another prepares to run .
A man in a orange vest and black pants works on tracks in a city .
5 people riding horses with one in the foreground grazing on the grass .
Asian men playing strings instruments while dressed professionally .
Several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television .
The man in the black suit is in the water on a white and red board with a sail .
A man in a black shirt sits outside at one of many silver chairs and tables .
3 people standing on a park talking to each other
The black dog is running on the grass .
Two women are having a laugh .
Two Oklahoma Sooner football players talk on the sideline .
Kids in bathing suits with water splashing around them .
A blond girl in a yellow top and orange pants sings karaoke .
A young boy performs a backflip off a cliff , into the sea .
Two soccer teams posing .
A blond girl in a black shirt is writing something .
Some people walking down a street surrounded by shops with Asian text on them .
Three men are sitting in the steps .
A man plays a guitar while sitting on bleachers in front of a lake .
A lady with a red T-shirt is sitting in a green chair and talking while using her laptop .
A smiling man in a blue jacket and black vest stands in front of a crowd of marchers near a red tent with green trees in the background .
An individual sits at their laptop computer in a loft of books .
Two people are walking through the woods .
A man in a blue plaid shirt is comforting a crying woman in a black truck .
A crowd of people are holding signs and protesting against school cuts .
A brown and white dog running off of an obstacle .
A parade of women , dressed in blue and yellow and white dresses and matching headgear , walking down a street , while people on the sidewalk watch .
The old men are sitting on a bench .
Two women tussle in a roller derby as a small audience watches in a barren room .
Four distant figures walking through a cultivated field .
A band of men and women in tropical shirts is playing in front of a visitors information center .
A man and a woman are walking on a dirt road .
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain .
A blond woman is holding a tray with pen and paper .
Two dogs wrestle or hug .
An elderly woman is reading a paper in an office .
A woman in a white hat reading a book .
A man in a suit , sitting on a chair , with a light by his side and a music stand in front , is playing the Cello .
pigeons scouring for food on sidewalk
A man in a red shirt is playing a racing video game .
A woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese posters advertising a concert .
A participant in a sporting event has landed on his head while holding the ball on a field of grass .
A man in a leather jacket reads from a book to people in a classroom
Children sit and watch the fish moving in the pond
Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation .
A girl in a red and white striped jersey runs across a soccer field amidst other girls dressed in white .
Two girls and a little boy standing next to a blue pole while one girl in a red shirt fixes the girl in the gray shirts necklace .
Some women talk outside , one with purple hair and red pasties .
A woman on the side of a street is making food on her cart .
Father and Son kicking a ball on the lawn .
Two middle-aged men standing and looking at a document .
Two dogs run through grass near a body of water .
The legs and mid-sections of two people with skateboards .
A man wearing a hat and glasses is performing music outside against a rock wall .
A group of police officers are congregating near their mobile command post .
A young boy grabbing a stick his dog is holding in his mouth .
A person wearing a blue backpack is riding a bike .
A soccer player running on the field .
A stork flying low over the water .
Red Chinese lanterns and banners in Chinese overhang a busy street scene .
a couple each wearing white tanktops sitting on a rock ledge of looking several mountains
A young man is parasailing on a cloudy day .
An african american gentleman is playing the piano and singing into a microphone while being watched by a young boy .
Two people are laughing and looking at a computer screen .
A small child is near a Frisbee .
Two figures , a male and a female , are blacked out and standing in front of a building on fire .
A man dressed in a white suit with a red cowboy hat riding a bike .
A bearded man in with a ukulele vocalizes against the background of a clear blue sky .
A woman is sitting alone on a block .
An ice skater carries the Chinese flag and waves at the camera .
Man wearing sneakers and a gray T-shirt sits on his haunches facing a drum set with electrical cord around him .
A professional baseball player just finished throwing the baseball .
A small child with a funny red hat stands in the road .
Three firefighters on a hill checking their tanks .
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water .
Two men , one on a ladder , the other on roof beams , work on constructing a structure .
A female tennis player is poised to hit the ball .
A woman is attending to an orange juice machine .
A group of women congratulate each other through the use of high-fives .
A boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium .
Two people hiking on a trail outside of the city .
A person on a black coat walking next to a building .
A man is riding a bicycle .
Many people in a public area , many pushing children in strollers .
An audience made up of teenagers .
The dog is running on grass .
An old man wearing a tan jacket and blue pants standing on a sidewalk with a small suitcase .
A black man is pulling a blue shirt while distracted .
Young boy playing with rocks .
A car wash worker cleaning the interior of the wheel .
A couple with their newborn baby sitting under a tree facing a lake .
Two people are surfing on a large wave in the ocean .
A man wears a red hate and holds a sign .
Colorful clown with whistle manipulating balloon .
A girl in a parking lot holds out her tennis racket .
A young boy with flour on his nose and cheeks is dressed in overalls and an apron has his hands in a bowl while he smiles for the camera .
Two white women playing tennis in front of a large crowd .
Four men playing golf on the putting green of a hole on a sunny day .
A man with a black hat , a pair of glasses , and a long white beard sits next to a painting of himself .
Three children squeeze into a plastic tub filled with water and play .
Four football players raise their helmets at the game .
A kid is raising a soccer trophy above his head in a kitchen .
An elderly man with a camouflage hat and plaid jacket sitting in a chair .
A group of people are going down an escalator .
Two Asian girls ride bike on dirty street .
The small girl is sitting in a harness , strapped to a tether , while others watch .
A man and woman are having a discussion while military members look on .
Man laying down in the snow .
View of front runner at an event
A person with a purple head covering and purple shirt is standing outside a restaurant .
Two women wearing short skirts and high heeled shoes talking to a man .
A baseball player in a white and red uniform is sliding to base .
Lots of people sitting along a low wall in front of grass with buildings lining along the road .
A man wearing sunglasses and blue top getting wet from water fountain
A woman listening to earbuds while interacting with a man .
Kid in a green and yellow windbreaker practicing karate
A man stands on a cliff overlooking a city .
An artist painting on a small canvas
A man on a four wheeler is flying through the air .
A woman in a white blouse is pouting while a man in a black shirt looks on .
A young boy is sitting on a horse with another horse and bright green vegetation behind him .
A shopping plaza with many people .
A woman in an orange shirt walking past a yellow building .
Two blond-haired woman are walking by the street in front of a large building .
A boy is standing on a grassy field with his arms raised while others are standing behind him .
Men play in a soccer game .
A shirtless man running in a race .
A man with a yellow shirt and blue jeans re shingles a roof .
Two black and white dogs are looking at a gray and white kitty .
A young girl in the pool playing with the floating ring , and balls to toss into the ring .
A boy aiming his gun at a target .
A young man is holding a small boy who is wearing a backpack in front of a derelict building in a poor country .
A teen doing a skateboard trick in front of a building .
a band performing a concert in front of a moderately large crowd
Man in ball cap adjusting an umbrella at a concession stand .
A mountain biker on a blue mountain bike gets air time .
Man in spotted shirts chats with another man outside at night .
A masked man in a Halloween mask looks on at a woman .
A woman wearing a white hat , white top , and orange skirt is jumping in front of some trees .
There is a black and white dog in a sparking blue pool .
Male conductor of a train or trolley looking out the window of the train or trolley .
a couple riding down the street on a motorcycle
A woman and a child playing with a dollhouse .
Elderly male in yellow shirt , surrounded by concrete brick layers atop a mound of sand and dirt .
A young girl in glasses observes something in the distance .
A man talks to a group of people who are sitting on picnic tables .
Graphics Designer , male ( approximately 38 years old ) drafting on design table in office .
A woman at the laundry mat is looking for something in her black leather purse .
A group of adults and small children sit and stand around picnic tables behind a pile of three boxes .
A young adult woman is standing next to a display in a candy store .
A bald man dribbles a basketball while wearing a Miami jersey .
A boy is singing into a microphone , stage lights in the background .
People walking through dirt .
There is a person in a swimming cap , and swimming goggles that is swimming in the water with their head partially submerged .
A man and woman drink beer at a bar .
A person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background .
football players wearing orange uniforms are tackling a player in a white uniform
A group of men place a chicken foot statue in its setting .
A man is walking in the street .
The man wearing a jacket has his hand on the handle of a closed outdoor grill .
The four wheel drive car is driving through a river .
A man in all black is playing the violin outdoors and has the attention of a young woman who is sitting in front him , enjoying the performance .
a grungy looking band with tattered clothes , long hair , and instruments plays their music for an audience .
Racing Greyhound dog wearing number 8 .
Man in jeans and sweatshirt jumping in air on wet surface that shows reflection .
A man is camping on a beach shore .
A bunch of people wearing white shirts with a red handkerchief around their necks coming out of a stadium , while two men with a cup in their hand stare at something .
A man dressed in black , paints artwork on the street .
A black and white dog runs over the green grass .
A man is sitting aboard a vessel and reading a newspaper .
A woman repairing something on her door .
A large crowd of people , some with green , white and tan striped flags .
A band of men and women are playing music in the street .
Three dogs wrestle in the grass .
A man and a boy are sitting next to a barbecue and examining it .
A group of people sit in chairs while listening to a speaker .
Four men on stage playing music with multiple instruments .
man singing into a microphone with instruments in the background .
A woman wears a scarf and uses her smartphone while seated
a boardwalk with elegant lighting fixtures and a mobile food and beverage cart where people can buy items .
A female is sitting down in a bus .
A man snowboarding making a jump off a steel guard rail .
A man is talking while two people are near him .
Two men run across a field near a parking lot
An egret stretches his neck to eat things out of the still water .
A young , adult male surfs in the foamy ocean waters .
Two puppies pulling on a string .
A girl in a green shirt is playing on a swing .
A man with a red helmet is working on laying bricks .
Three people skydiving , one is making a funny face .
A crowd of people sitting at picnic tables in front of a brick , historic-looking building .
Person holding a guitar with religious images and reflective stickers on the front .
A dog is being squirted with water in the face outdoors .
A large brown dog is pushing a small Boston terrier with his face while anouther dog watches .
Several men and women are all wearing matching orange uniforms
a black and white dog jumping over a red , white and blue striped pole
Troops stand ready at attention .
A group of young adults gather outside during the day .
Two little girls are standing with bunch of stuffed animals on a white stone path .
A group of male musicians are playing instruments including guitar and drums .
Two dread locked men sitting while other adults stand around .
A gentleman in a waiting room of a hospital with burns to his face .
A woman is being chased by a child on the beach while a man looks on .
Little girl jumping up to land on a yellow circle at a splash pad .
A man being pulled behind a sled led by numerous dogs in the snow .
Four young Asian people stand in a line looking at a paper .
A girl in a firefighter 's uniform looks back and says something .
A middle-age man in a wheelchair playing guitar on the streets .
A black dog pounces to get a rope toy .
A city street with two ladies that have shopping bags in their hands with a crowd behind them .
Male wearing a helmet and backpack holding his bike up in front of a store .
A dog jumps and catches a chew toy .
Musicians dressed in red and white shirts and khaki pants , performing at a sports arena .
A team of rescuers wearing reflective vests descend a staircase carrying orange life preservers .
Three people in jackets at a rocky beach .
Lady in black , flowered dress , balancing water bowl on head .
A dog running through the woods .
Young athletes in either blue or white and black uniforms battle on the basketball court .
A brown dog is running by a wooden fence with a ball in its mouth .
A laughing woman holds up a blue baby 's one-piece jumper while another woman looks on .
An older man in a plaid shirt sews on a Singer sewing machine .
A hiker jogs down a rocky road while blue skies and mountains cross the horizon .
A large group of protesters staring up at the stage together .
A child and a man walking in the sand .
A man climbing up the side of a red object with onlookers below .
A man dressed in white pants holds a microphone in street scene .
People are sitting at a table looking at a paper .
Two women holding children talking to one another .
A ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition , green ribbon behind her .
Four young men are running on a street and jumping for joy .
Woman with red pants riding a moped .
Three men in hats are riding in the back of a truck dressed in patriotic paraphernalia .
A white man sits in a chair with a keyboard behind him .
A black dog runs with a white dog
A man wearing a red jersey jumps in the air .
One man is sleeping , the other is jumping on his bed , both are wearing white and look to be on Indian descent .
Construction workers are fixing the floor of a subway station .
A thrill seeking bungee jumper is being filmed as he ascends the tower .
Mother holds her newborn infant .
A young adult male , wearing black pants , a white shirt and a red belt , is practicing martial arts .
A school band of young students performing .
Three men eating by the beach .
A man dressed in red with a red lance and shield and another with aqua equipment and clothing perform a jousting competition for a modern-day audience .
Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs .
Young , attractive and fashionable girl posed for the camera as she sits on a rock in a park-like setting .
People gathering for a good cause
Man in gray shirt looks through wall studs at a construction site with construction workers in the background .
The fuzzy dog runs through the water .
Two people with bikes standing in front of a building .
A slender man wearing black athletic shorts is lifting a heavy weight high above his head .
A man with a cane and a woman with a yellow scarf walk down a busy paved pedestrian trail with three dogs .
Two boys are back to back as one holds up the other .
Three men are performing and a guy at the center is singing
a man climbing a huge rock wall overlooking the blue ocean
A man is squatting in front of a kiosk labeled " PAY HERE " ; a pickup truck is in the background .
That young lady irons her clothes .
Two large dogs and a small dog play in a lake .
a group of people observing a group of birds
People are crossing the signal .
Women on rollerblades and wearing protective gear , bang into each other .
A small group of older people sitting on benches watching the waterfront on a sunny day .
Man with hairy legs , wearing gray shorts and yellow t-shirt , hanging from a stripper pole , with several other people watch while laughing , some holding bottles .
An entire wedding party is posing for pictures .
Two boys are running in a spinning tube .
A lady looking at a few sheets of paper .
A boy with his arm wrapped in an ACE bandage rests in a bed .
Two people walk separately on a brick surface .
A female passenger has opened up the door of a gray car , with a driver outside of it .
A child with jeans and no shirt sits at the top of a mound of rocks .
A young woman wearing a black tank top is listening to music on her MP3 player while standing in a crowd .
A man in plaid strums and guitar while singing into a microphone in stage .
The three people are sitting in chairs listening to another person talk .
A football player is running with a football .
A man waterskiing and being splashed by the water .
People are doing various activities in a park .
A boy in sandals is looking at a camera in a busy street .
Several people are standing next to a drag racing car .
A female student resting her head on a textbook while sitting at a library .
A bride and groom cutting their cake .
A young lady opens a gift .
A man sitting on a running horse on a dirt track .
Three men travel through water on a motorized inflatable raft .
A fan playing a vuvuzela behind a another fan with a red clown wig at a soccer game .
A boy jumping over some water .
A woman and a child play in the water .
People are standing around an American flag that is spread out , facing the wrong direction .
A man is rock climbing with spotters below .
A Man riding his bike to work .
Two people in a field are harvesting fruit or vegetables .
3 people having coffee outside of a museum .
A man is playing a guitar on stage .
Two workers are working with heavy duty machines near a fish and chip sign .
Two men are sitting on the ground and going through their backpacks .
A man without a shirt working on a rooftop .
A man rides his ATV through a muddy creek .
Two men sit together on a set of steps outside near a street .
A woman with orange hair is looking over her left shoulder .
A young man is on his laptop in an office setting .
A female contortionist practices her solo performance on stage .
A man on street , standing over some artwork , while several people pass by .
A man walking in front of a orange and green backdrop .
A black schoolgirl holds a white doll on an dirt road .
People are walking along a brick-paved street that is lined with shops under a cloudy sky .
An older man wearing a military uniform saluting .
A man in red sits on the mountaintop .
A man is standing on rocks with water running beneath them .
Two dachshunds , one black the other brown , run on grass .
A girl in a grassy field hitting a volleyball .
women with green shirt and redhead dress dancing
A little boy pulling a toy through a fountain .
Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .
A welder is welding something that appears to be coming out of the water .
A man in a blue sweatshirt taking a picture
A young toddler in an orange t-shirt is riding in a stroller .
A group of musicians performing are surrounded by the public watching .
A boy bounces on a trampoline .
Man receives kiss from hairy alpaca .
Three young chinese children eating .
A barefoot man playing a guitar in a kitchen .
An aisle at Best Buy with an employee standing at the computer and a Geek Squad sign in the background .
Green bicycle sitting outside on sidewalk on display .
a woman crossing guard standing with a stop sign
Two people dressed in karate outfits are fighting .
A cowboy is in an arena with horses and a cow .
This train is nearly empty .
The lady with the brown shirt on is talking with the guy with the white shirt on the sidewalk .
A white dog jumps from the grass into water from a hose .
A young man lining up his shot in a game of pool .
An older man is riding his bike in front of a large cruise ship that is sitting in port .
A woman wearing a colorful shawl on her head is using a sewing machine .
A man in a blue jacket is up on a ladder that is being help up by a woman in a red jacket
A group of people and a dog sweeping snow .
Young child inflates an orange balloon
A group of children play ball in an outdoor courtyard .
Three woman walk , in their hijab , alone in an area of Muslim denomination .
A photographer gets a book signed .
A small brown and white dog chases a white ball over the grass .
A man in a green jacket staring at the sky near a forrest .
A man in white standing in front of a street shop that has holiday gear .
A girl is eating cereal from a bowl while sitting at a table .
Little girl in shorts wearing pigtails looking on at the bronze water fountain .
Four young girls posing for a picture .
A great day to visit the beach .
A bright market in a far eastern country is displayed with a line of bikes while people walk by .
A man and a dog are in a pool together .
A man in a hat , white shirt and gold chain with a cross .
A cute brunette toddler girl is leaning with her hand against the wall .
A lady with a yellow blouse and glasses at a desk with a laptop computer .
Five people are sitting together in the snow .
People in a line holding lit roman candles .
A girl stands on two logs as she photographs the field .
Two woman walking on the sidewalk in workout clothes .
Oriental man reading a sheet at a convention .
A guy riding a skateboard in front of a graffiti wall .
Three hispanic men at a table .
A man standing in front of a brick wall while playing the saxophone .
Three spotted dogs outside a house .
Two children playing with an inflatable mattress .
A cement truck in front of a driveway .
A young asian boy wearing cargo pants stretches on the railing to a bridge .
Two young men and a woman doing yard work on a green lawn in front of a driveway .
Two boxers playfully snap at each other .
A mechanic working on a train .
A man in a tan jacket and blue jeans is sitting on a bench playing the guitar , with another man close-by .
A white-haired man with glasses , wearing a gray shirt works on a white sculpture .
A woman eats food at a table with candles and a dog sitting next to her .
A group of older people are sitting in a pub playing various instruments .
People gathered along roadside holding flag 's colored red , green and white .
Two people come close to one another while they kite surf in the ocean on a sunny day .
A person stands with two leashed pugs and wears plaid pants with a black shirt set .
A balding man sitting on a bench .
Watchers of a parade remain seated while others walk the street where the debris remains .
Group of people in a cafe .
a man in a leather jacket is looking down at a bunch of bananas and a light made out of a can .
People racing on ATV 's in full protective garb
Young woman trying to keep the Jenga tower stable .
A man wearing a cap and glasses is fixing the seat of a bicycle .
A bride folds her arms at a beach .
Two boys in red uniforms are playing soccer .
The two old men are sitting in a room , one of them wears a tan hat and holds a cello case .
Matador fighting a bull with a red cape .
The dog sits by a snowdrift .
A man with a red bowtie singing a solo with a full men 's choir in the background .
Two football players , one in an orange jersey and one in a white jersey , play on the field .
A baby holding onto a handle .
A man in a striped shirt plays the drums .
A man on a zip line being propelled through the water .
Farmers are standing around and look angry .
Young girl sips a drink on a blue bench .
A black and white dog is playing with a sheep in a field .
A female police officer , wearing an officer 's hat and sunglasses , stands in uniform in front of a window-lined street block .
A man standing under a tent with his back to the camera near a statue of a man doing the same .
A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .
Two individuals are fencing , sword fighting , and the score is 2-0 .
One girl holding a violin with another dancing on a beach with waves rolling in .
two black dogs running down either side of a paved pathway
Men and women walking down the sidewalk .
A little girl in a blue dress sitting on a park bench , sticking out her tongue .
Two girls are walking down the street towards a bigger group of people .
A boy swimming who is wearing goggles .
A young red-haired girl is finishing her lunch .
Two kids are standing next to a small pond .
Two guys fighting for the puck in a game of hockey .
A woman bends over to attend to her child in a yellow jacket .
A little dark-skinned boy in a yellow , number 21 jersey sees a pigeon .
A girl is running through a field with a brown dog and white dog running beside her .
A group and men and women are planting a leafless tree .
A rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .
A white man in a brown trench coat , a black man in a black shirt and an asian woman in a black coat walking a street in front of a blue wall passing phone booths and green milk crates .
A young man is taking a self-portrait of his reflected image with a medium format camera while standing on an escalator .
Two men in shorts walk down a speckled sidewalk .
A little girl in a salmon skirt attempting to hit a soccer ball but missing .
Two women wearing medical scrubs sit side-by-side at a bus stop .
A group of musicians perform in a room before a crowd of people including one man wearing a checkered jacket and a girl with pink hair .
A lady is pointing at something while laughing .
A man dressed in layers is attempting a trick on his snowboard .
A man is singing and the girl is playing an instrument .
A just married Asian couple are wearing wedding attire and leaning against a lamp post on a boardwalk .
A woman is pushing a child in a card down the road .
Three people in bright clothing working on branches of a tree .
A man and a woman standing near a desk while another woman sits at the desk looking through a microscope .
A tourist dressed in black with long red-hair stands at a blue gate ready to take a photo with the camera strapped around her neck .
A man is on a roof doing construction .
An audience sits in chairs .
A photographer is photographing a vine covered building .
An Asian person sitting along side of two large cloth sacks .
A group of passengers socializing while waiting at a bus stop .
A man with a leather jacket listening to music .
Two men are holding guitars .
Man selling food outside on a table with two ladies on the other side of the table communicating with the man .
The three children are holding umbrellas and watching the ceremony in the rain .
A woman in s a striped shirt , sitting on a coach , knitting something .
A blond gymnast wearing a black suit with orange line 's tense focus can be seen in her face as she is photographed midair with her feet pointed to a tee and arms bent by her head .
A young boy is playing on a piece of playground equipment that features tires which he must step in and out of , while keeping his balance .
a rollerblader grinds a rail .
A female and a male put a long , oblong box away in an area full of boxes .
A black man with dreads , in a green shirt and a blue hat , it chopping a coconut .
An Asian man is standing on a busy sidewalk as people walk by with bags .
The large brown dog is running on the beach by the ocean .
A man in a blue shirt watching another man in a blue shirt and sunglasses holding a rifle near the water with multicolored boats in the background .
a tan dog running across a narrow bridge .
A woman is talking on her cellphone outside .
Some people are watching a little girl and a owner of a stand making bubbles with some the items he is selling .
a large group of children performing on a stage in front of an audience
Skateboarders hold on to a car as it zips down the road .
A group of women in orange bathing suits and sarongs .
A young boy eating ice cream .
A man playing the accordion on a brick road .
An Asian man is preparing a recipe with lotus pods and other ingredients , on a brick street .
A diving taking off his gear .
A diver is swimming with a turtle .
A man in a green shirt enjoying a meal and drink .
A group of boys pouring soda into a white plastic bucket while a man pumps a bicycle pump .
There is a man on the phone in an office setting .
A man performs tricks on a dirt ramp on a green bike .
Several women , dressed in colorful costumes , are performing a dance .
People stand in the parking lot in front of a Central Market .
There 's an invisible man holding a rainbow umbrella .
A black woman in a pink bikini is sitting on a towel on a lounge chair .
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .
A child 's palm is up against the palm of a crash test dummy .
A soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by .
A girl , wearing a brown shirt and pink shorts is holding a bowl full of grass on top of her head .
a jewish man holds a menorah next to armed guards
A woman in a polka dot top is singing into a microphone .
Two girls sitting down and looking at a book .
Women and child riding on the back of a train .
A man in a black and gray hoodie stands next to a guy in a black uniform who prepares food at a buffet .
Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat .
Two people desires in aluminum foil about to face on stairs
a woman walking down the street .
A person rappels down a steep incline .
A toddler aged female child is jumping up and down while wearing a white mickey mouse shirt , jeans , and a pair of boots .
A young shirtless boy is playing in water .
A woman in blue and a man in red are about to kiss with foliage nearby .
In front of a decorated Christmas tree , four adults and two children sit or stand amongst gifts , and one of the adults gives a child a drink of water .
A little boy in a blue shirt is playing with a yellow dump truck on a rose colored carpet in front of a flowered sofa .
two boys reading superhero books
A man , a blond girl and a slender boy in a black hooded jacket stand in front of a concession stand kiosk .
A child is playing soccer with a blue and white soccer ball nearby onlookers .
A man is checking out an injured football player at a game .
A local marching band is performing in front of a crowd .
Boy riding bike while older boy runs along side .
A bride and groom walking down the isle in a church .
A young child stands next to a door with a bucket on her head .
2 black girls in purple shirts sitting near a green fence .
A man in a black and white striped shirt photographing a woman by a fountain .
A dog jumps to catch a rope toy .
A man in a blue and orange suit is cleaning by a garage with graffiti on it .
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops .
Two children play in the snow with a sled .
A man wearing a hat and bracelet glares at the camera .
A woman is holding up a book in front of an audience at a bookstore .
Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit .
a man wearing a white t-shirt is holding a little boy with a gray jogging suit .
Two men on a cobblestone street , possibly hostile towards each other .
A male soldier in green military fatigues , inspecting an old , metal weapon , placed on a bed of grass .
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree .
A small child is playing with a toy in front of a wall .
A woman with a backpack leans again a statue while a group of boys sit on a bench talking .
Three men are standing next to each other wearing turbans with one person 's arm on the other 's shoulder .
A museum guide showing a person places on the museum map as a photographer takes a picture in the background .
A woman is reading next to a water fountain .
A girl in a blue dress standing next to a wooden post on sidewalk .
A band singing for a crowd of people .
The man is playing with two dogs in the snow .
a black dog and a white dog are running across a sandy beach by the ocean .
Woman in red bandanna and yellow shorts walking past bright blue house .
A line of children stand behind a man with striped shorts , sunglasses , and a cap .
A man with a leashed dog is standing near a pagoda-like gazebo .
two people riding a motorcycle together on a sunny day .
A young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .
Two guys have dogs on leashes and one of the dogs is jumping .
Skateboarder in the air .
A woman running into surf .
A man is walking his bike in China .
Two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor .
People look down at something next to a large stone building .
a lone person standing on some rocks with large snowy mountains in the background .
A man plays the piano , while a second man plays a guitar and a third man plays the saxophone .
A motocross rider rides through the dirt in full gear with helmet and goggles .
A man climbs a rocky wall .
A group of people sits at a picnic table in a white tent .
A man adjusts his bicycle .
A band is practicing their routine .
A man on the street wearing leather chaps and a chainmail codpiece .
This picture of a man reading is tilted .
A short-haired man in a white shirt and khaki pants walks forward past a black car , holding a white notebook .
a race car spinning out of control on a racetrack .
The kids ride a boat in the water .
Spectators are standing near a road in rolling vineyards .
Three young girls are standing in a rock situated in the middle of a white sand desert
A dog swims through the water .
Young girls play together with glee and joy .
A man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape .
A woman riding a bicycle next to a field .
A girl is taking a photograph on a nice lawn while others lounge next to her .
Four men in black robes are walking across the pavement .
A man in a blue shirt sitting at a red table with three dolls on top .
A sleeping baby is in someone 's arms and wearing a pink striped outfit
Two horses , one black and one brown , are pulling a man outside .
Two men hold bows on a green field .
A male soccer player wearing a red uniform jumping in the air and pulling up his shorts .
A woman , fit and toned , runs in a race as a crowd of runners follow .
A man in a red shirt in the doorway of a laundry mat .
A brown dog in a field .
Three little girls watch an antique tv .
A man in a black jacket is selling lottery tickets in the sidewalk .
A woman in a pink dress and sunglasses carrying a blue bag pulls at her hair .
A construction worker peering over a ledge .
Three men in hard hats , a couple , and a child look down upon something .
Two men in orange jumpsuits walk down the street .
Two women in bikini tops are talking to each other while walking .
Man riding in boat feeds group of swan .
Three teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience store .
Woman stretching on a beach at sunset .
A woman wearing a colorful dress is walking .
A woman holds a small animal in her hands .
An Asian teen is playing a game .
a woman with a shaved head dressed in black and white in a parade
There is a woman in a pink shirt holding a can and three other men .
Three people walking in front of " The Odeon " .
Man in blue boat holding a net .
A center field baseball player diving to make a catch .
An elderly male wearing a white Wal Mart smock with his arms and hand extended in front of him .
Basketball player with 32 on jersey jumps to make a shot , crowd in background .
Young girl ready to perform at a gymnastic meet .
Three men in yellow shirts are riding on top of a vehicle .
Three people surround a table full of colored jars .
A woman stands in the doorway of a room filled with open umbrellas in this slanted photo .
Man ordering drinks from a waitress .
A woman in a purple dress walks in a crowd .
Kids jumping into the pool .
A white and brown dog with his mouth open and tongue out facing a second , almost off-camera dog .
The group of teens is heading out of town on their mopeds .
A toddler in red pajamas smiles as he sits on top of a Christmas present .
A band performing in front of a group of fans .
A tennis player is jumping and reaching high to hit the ball .
Young girl wearing a white shirt drawing a leaf with crayons on top of a desk .
Firemen are standing outside of glass windows talking to one another .
A male performer is playing a cello .
Two guys , one with short black hair and the other one with long blond-hair , are playing the drums .
A man pushing a small child in a stroller passes a window with erotically-dressed manikins .
Two very well dressed women are standing next to each other .
A large group of men of all ages sit around a large conference table and listen to a man in black speak .
People on a snowy hill .
White man with long gray beard , wears a black top hat and long black suit as he walks down the street .
young adults dancing in the street
A woman holding a small child sits in the floor of a room with several other women .
girl and a boy , playing tennis .
Little girl crouches to splash fountain water .
A group of people are getting together for some fun and dancing .
Girl sticks tongue out while hula hooping with two hoops
The red motorcycle pulls a wheelie on the racetrack .
A small car decorated with flames and other paint is driving amongst a crowd with a tub and flags on the roof .
A shirtless man wearing a hat is sleeping on a painted bench .
A baby wearing a red jacket climbs on a red table .
Several men riding elephants through the street .
A man in red and white runs with a rugby ball as another man in blue attempts to tackle him while two other men look on .
A little boy in a suit holds the ring for a wedding .
People getting ready for bikeathon .
People at a market looking at plants .
Two oriental women working at a table .
Climbing and exploring the ice caves .
A group of women holding hands walking down a street .
1 man standing and several people sitting down waiting on a subway train .
Older woman with a microphone in her right hand and a piece of paper in her left standing in front of a younger female cellist .
A group of women going over the budget for there next charity .
Black and white puppy gnaws camera .
Two people riding a motor scooter in the rail down the road in the rain .
A group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball .
Customers are ordering food at a cafe .
A woman wearing sunglasses .
The NASCAR Driver is stopping to replace tiers , and possible adding more fuel .
A person is skiing in a race .
A golfer is holding his backstroke pose during a tournament while being watched by hundreds of onlookers .
Some young men racing on a beach .
Tattoed women in striped top wearing a backpack .
Approximately seven adults and one child appear to be having a good time in an open style kitchen filled with plates of food and drinks .
Two people are rock climbing .
An older man waiting for the bus .
Two women , one holding a spoon and the other holding a plastic bottle , are preparing food at an event .
A black and white dog has pinned a brown dog to the ground in front of a wishing well .
Wonderful clear skies and beautiful night .
A teacher and her assistant are helping a group of toddlers with singing or exercising .
A man with dark hair and a red shirt throws a dart at an off-camera target .
Two men climb a large rock .
The man has a poof on top of his woolen hat .
Four kids are watching television while sitting in chairs .
A man in a top-hat and sunglasses is waiting to give people a horse and buggy ride .
A man in plaid descends a rock face while harnessed in rock climbing equipment .
Two people are indoors in a institutional environment and one of them is on the floor .
a young boy sitting in a tree swing playing with his cat .
A cyclist appears to be doing repairs to a bicycle that is turned upside down on the sidewalk .
A mother and son smiling as they sled downhill .
Man getting something out of a bag in front of a " road closed ahead " sign .
A young boy playing in the water .
Individual walks down cobblestone road at night .
A woman writes on the ground with white chalk .
A blond woman in a long dress sings while a man plays trumpet .
A group of students in uniform stand in front of the gate .
A man wearing a blue helmet is riding in the dirt on his bike .
Two people pretending to be in the water next to a door with fish cutouts .
An elderly man in a tan jacket is looking down at a plant .
An Indian man is in a hospital getting help from a nurse while a woman watches .
A woman in black pants and a white shirt is rock climbing .
A man wearing a blue shirt is thinking about which book he would like to buy .
a silhouette of 9 people , one jumping in the are , standing in front of a lake with a tree line behind it .
A man in black shirt and camouflage pants covered in cream .
A man skateboards around an orange cone .
A kid playing outside with a wagon .
Two people in jackets are rowing a canoe down a river .
A woman in white pants holding a baby looking at the ocean .
A man riding a bike by a run-down brick building .
an Asian girl carrying a pink bag is walking away down a busy city street .
A woman hand washes dishes in a sink .
A group of four young men and one young woman holding spray paint cans and smiling next to their artwork .
Young people chat outside near a buzy street .
A woman takes pictures at the beach .
A group of people meditating on the beach .
A man in a red shirt works on a machine on top of a metal ladder .
A man wearing a brown shirt and green pans is pulling a rickshaw down a street
The guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on .
People and several dogs in a swimming pool in a park like setting .
A man in Army dress shows a picture from a book .
A boy sits on the wet sand at a beach , playing with a plastic shovel .
An older woman shows a younger male child a reptilian animal while a young girl sits in the background .
Two old men sit in the front of a boat named Cyranka on a lush , tree lined river .
Two girls are sitting together on a spinning platform .
A woman in a blue shirt standing in a crowd of people .
A lady is painting a lot of boxes .
A dog walking away at the beach .
Two babies are dressed up as Kiss along with their parent 's .
People are having leisure time at the stream .
a boy runs through the puddle .
A woman sits behind baskets of fruit at a market .
A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk .
Two travelers at the edge of a cliff overlooking the mountains .
A crowd gathered in Covent Garden Market .
a little boy sitts on top of a big rock .
A very young female child is smiling at a camera outdoors .
Former New Mexico governor , Bill Richardson in the middle east giving a speech .
A young boy looks up towards the camera , while standing next to a calm stream .
A middle-aged male is holding a spotlight .
A biker demonstrates his talents in the air by placing only his left arm on the Bike seat .
A bunch of men play a card game .
Two people in blue shirts are selling shoes in an outside market .
A male dancing out in a nightclub .
Woman wearing pink top is getting a pedicure .
A woman with a stroller talking through a fence too four students with green uniform shirts .
Multiple people with candles all around or in hand are facing the camera as they each have different numbers of fingers held up .
A man performs a back flip while preparing for an outdoor performance or competition .
3 kids and one female are playing with blocks in a room .
The little girl played on the swing .
Workers are attending to a building with many windows .
Two dogs are fighting in the snow .
A woman in a red striped shirt and red shorts is holding a white bag while sitting with several people behind her and one person beside her .
Four workers pose between beams of a house .
Three young people creating a flower garden .
A street performer in a black suit plays a stringed instrument with a bow outside a subway station .
Two white girls wearing tee-shirts are sitting on upholstered chairs in a light gray room having a conversation .
A dog shakes his head .
A man in the air on a BMX bicycle , with 4 people sitting watching him in front of an EASTPAK banner .
Two young boys are wrestling in a sandpit .
Girl in red and black shirt sitting in front of a keyboard performing with other band members .
This wall makes a great resting place while hiking through historic views .
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth .
A police officer keeps watch a parade .
A brown dog in a canoe looks out over still waters .
A little girl sitting in the snow
A dog in a blue sweater leaps while holding an object in its mouth .
A lady in blue holding a child looking happy .
On a busy street a lady carries goods on her head .
Young women are singing in a performance .
A man is examining a bicycle tire while a group of 4 people watch him .
A man wearing a black sweatshirt poses for a picture in a parking lot .
A fireman is walking with a distressed look upon his face .
Two people wearing climbing gear on snowshoes are trekking through the snowy landscape .
A waiter clears a table at an outdoor cafe .
A white poodle and two black poodles are playing in the grass on an autumn day .
The man wore a helmet when he became a human bowling ball by riding a skateboard into the pins .
A man is scratching his head at a meeting while a person spoke .
Several people are walking along a scenic one-way highway .
A man wearing sunglasses is asleep in the car .
A young woman enjoying the day .
A man in an orange shirt is saying things into a microphone .
A biker on a dirt path .
A cyclist rides in front of onlookers dressed in white and red gear .
Woman holding her son on the busy streets .
A craftsmen sits , gazing intently at his work as he hammers a chisel at his work in order to carve small details onto the statue .
Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet , with other ballerinas in the background .
A white dog runs along the beach 's shore .
A man in standing on a ledge .
Man operating a Eyrovia machine .
The lady in the short black skirt is walking with a lady in a short striped dress .
A brown dog is playing ball in a yard .
An unhappy toddler sitting on the sidewalk .
The dog that the two children are walking is looking up at a tree .
A graphic artist with face painted in pink and white tiger stripes also adorned with matching colored mane applies face paint to an eager youth .
A crowd of people picking up bananas .
two people wearing skis on chairlift
A snowboarder flies through the air while photographers record the flight .
Two middle-aged women perform on a stage , one playing keyboards , the other singing .
Man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance .
A woman and a dog work through an agility course .
A worker making sure his machine is working correctly .
Two women walking toward the camera along a sidewalk while wearing a backpack and showing midriff .
A woman black-haired woman in a jacket and jeans is standing in front of a fence .
A man is playing an instrument beside a microphone .
Two women in skimpy outfits play sand volleyball .
Two women standing near a sign .
A boy wearing green shorts is about to serve a volleyball .
Two girls are walking away from the camera under a walkway .
A group of people are walking down a dimly lit hallway .
two men in hard hats and bright work shirts are working hard drilling into stone , while attached to harnesses .
A young girl doing a trick in midair in front of a tree .
Four men are talking while observing papers while in a wooded area .
A boy in a green wetsuit takes his turn in a water sprinkler and a group of others wait .
A young woman with her back turned on a tennis court with a ball coming from behind her .
A guy standing looking into the windows of a nearby building .
One guy surfing the waves in the ocean .
A male surgeon wearing a red cap and teal scrubs performing surgery with two other men wearing teal scrubs .
Two kids , one in a white shirt and one in a black shirt , laying on pillows .
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction .
A singer wearing a blue dress stands on stage .
A man sitting under an umbrella , having his picture drawn by a sidewalk artist .
Several people are riding horses on a wooded trail .
A chef prepares a table with food behind it .
A young woman walks on a city street while a man comes toward her .
1 man riding a bike through the country .
A little girl leans over to get a closer look at a cow .
Three young people visiting while mixing some ingredients .
A hockey goalie is about to catch a puck .
A child wearing a red sweatshirt is hanging upside down from a tree .
A young blond licking chocolate off a whisk .
A woman getting her face drawn on .
Two men stand at an outdoor market .
A woman wearing paint and costume pieces rides a bike on a busy street .
A film set with two people sitting at a table .
a man is making a red and black bicycle jump in a city skate park .
A young girl with large brown eyes and dark hair peers through holes in a fence .
A woman with dark hair in a ponytail is reading sheet music while playing an instrument .
two children inside a kitchen with straws .
A group of people watch and take photos as a performance takes place at night .
Two friends look at a sign in the park .
A man in a dark coat and jeans and a blond woman in a tan coat with a scarf wrapped around her neck are holding hands stopping to look at something .
A man looks into a barred hole in a hill .
Old woman with lots of ornate clothing and jewelry .
a person in a red jacket standing on a mountain looking out over a grand view of mountains and plains .
A man and a woman walking down a street , carrying luggage .
a man in a bright green shirt and hard hat is climbing a tree .
Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle .
A man painting a sign onto his food cart .
A snowboarder is on a snowy mountain doing an aerial trick .
A person crouches over bags of supplies on the street in front of a steel door .
A man is on the street selling yellow diamond shaped signs .
A young woman celebrates a victory by knocking down all the pins at the bowling alley .
A woman wearing a blue sweater and purple leg warmers is painting her toenails .
Laura Bush speaking at a conference on global literacy .
There is a boy with a helmet and a stripe down the side of his pants riding on a skateboard .
A man near a playground holding three sticks on fire .
An asian woman in a pink sweater holding incense sticks .
An older gentleman is selling produce out of the back of his truck as a woman peruses his products .
A small child wearing a pink hat , blue jeans , and white shirt standing in a grass field .
Two men looking at their image in a mirror on the escalator .
A young blond woman in a blue and white tracksuit jumps a hurdle .
A brunette with a ponytail wearing a Green Day concert shirt fishing from a boat in the ocean .
A boy is raising his hand to answer a question .
Two young people rough-housing on furniture in a value store .
a man skateboard down a railing .
Two women with umbrellas walk between two cars as they cross the street .
A man rides a dirt bike in the brush .
Two men and two women standing at the window of a ticket booth .
A little girl smiles while brushing her teeth .
Two people are looking at something in New York City .
Young infant sleeps peacefully .
A surfer rides a big wave across dark green water .
A woman in a gray shirt with blond dreadlocks looks into a baby carriage .
Three Asian women sit around a basket and smile .
A group of schoolgirls in matching uniforms and knee socks walk down a sidewalk .
Three young adults holding plastic cups .
A group of people listen to a speech .
At least seven people surfing with kites in a lake .
A lady in a white uniform with orange gloves is taking a picture of a plant .
A group of young people dancing outside at some event .
football player kicking ball and another football player trying to block
A man in a ski outfit and gear standing in the snow , smiling and posing for a picture .
A middle-aged man on his bike wearing a helmet in a market .
a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk .
A race car sparks .
An elderly lady with a young girl are sitting , surrounded by newspapers cigarettes and candy .
A group of hikers hiking along dirt trail .
A brown dog is on the ground growling .
A man with a red apron and a white cook 's hat is standing in front of his food cart .
A goalie is playing hockey , and there is an object in front of the net .
A man stands on the side of a street in a doorway .
Man in a yellow sweatshirt is walking on a busy street .
A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign .
A crowd of young people in winter clothing , waiting for the train .
Two girls swinging on the swings at the park with their backs towards the camera .
A green pull wagon is parked under a tree in a shaded area .
A lady in white shirt is holding something in her hand and turning around .
A foreign festival like Mardi Gras .
A man and a woman are walking past a store window with an African outfit on display .
A little girl in a jacket rides her bike by a lake .
A jean baseball cap with the Tommy Hilfiger logo .
A man wearing glasses leans against a railing while holding a cup is looking down at the action below .
A man looking in the mirror fixing his tie .
A man with a shaved head is kissing another man on the cheek .
Person in hat painting a multi level wooden fence .
A man and his donkey stand along a sidewalk .
A young musician performs in front of a skyline .
An elderly man wearing a tan shirt is sitting next to a tennis court .
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow .
Four boys playing on the inertia wheel at a park .
Orchestra playing for people in hard hats in a room with a damaged ceiling
Woman looking at dresses in window of a clothing store .
A man in a white t-shirt wearing a silver helmet rides his yellow motorbike on a busy street .
A climber hanging from an ice pick in the side of a frozen waterfall .
A little boy sticks his tongue out for the camera . Another boy looks on .
A dog is jumping up to catch a Frisbee in front of white tents at a dog show .
A young girl in red pants and a white shirt .
A man is standing in the middle of a road while talking on his cellphone .
A man is giving a woman directions on the street corner in front of a green store .
An Asian woman stands in an oriental shop .
A man in a gray shirt works behind the counter at a fish market .
A swimmer takes a breath between strokes as she heads for opposite side of the pool .
a tattooed man is making a purchase in a music store .
A woman sitting at a table alone .
Man rollerskating by on street with bikers and other skaters .
A girl wearing a white shirt and blue jeans jumping off a rock into the sand .
Guy and girl getting ready for camping trip .
A small street with a few people walking down it .
A group of people in black jackets are standing outside a store .
Four dark-haired adolescent boys , three wearing blue and one wearing red , are playing soccer on a green grass field .
A older man in beige stands near a younger man in blue in front of a building .
A man driving a small , open vehicle with a green sign on the back of it in traffic .
Old man reading a newspaper with a almost nude woman on cover .
A man dressed in gray climbing a large brown rock .
A young boy in a blue golf shirt and khaki shorts is practicing his gold swing .
Two Asian men rest by a sign on an urban street .
A man surfing a small wave and another man on a surfboard paddling toward it .
A small child throws a bowing ball at a single pin .
A snowboarder in a white coat in the air after a jump .
A little boy sleeps in his blue stroller .
A person in a red shirt is riding a bicycle along a dirt trail .
A young boy carries a white balloon .
A person sitting down and taking a cigarette break .
A woman wearing a black shirt is pointing to glass that has the word Utiah written on it .
An older woman with brown hair is walking her bike through a gate of a garden .
A person in a yellow coat carrying a plastic bag of orange colored fruit .
A man is standing on a street holding a sign .
An adult and two small children playing in a fountain .
An elderly man sleeping in a outdoor chair while another woman sits next to him .
A young girl playing on a blue playground .
People are gathering under colored lights in a large tent .
A colorful vegetable stand in a grocery store .
A woman in a purple shirt with her hands on her hips dancing barefoot in the middle of two other women dancing on a dance floor .
A woman in a white shirt , green shorts , and red scarf is making a ' shh ' sign next to a bookcase full of books .
Two tribal people seem to be fighting .
Girl playing flute as she walks by fence in rural area .
A young boy wearing a bright yellow raincoat , jean shorts and sandals squats down as he looks at an older boy and girl who are standing next to him and looking down some railroad tracks .
A man jumping off a cliff into water .
A snowboarder is leaping of a wooden platform .
Dog running down paved walkway near a Japanese maple tree .
Men shovel snow while wearing shorts .
Four boys playing a game with a soccer ball in front of a large set of ornate doors .
Two people wear life jackets in a rowboat .
Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn .
A little girl and lady wearing face paint and costumes are among others holding orange balloons and an event .
Four Korean men are sitting on a bench and one of them is taking on his cellphone .
A woman holding sunflowers sits on a statue .
A man in a black jacket on a bike talks to a seated woman on a busy street .
Two men are looking at the screen of a laptop while one types and one points at the screen .
An older gentleman is leaning and waiting for something to happen .
A woman wearing jeans shorts poses for the photo .
Three dogs race in the snow together .
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .
A man is surfing a small wave .
A woman wearing a red shirt is making a pouting face while she holds on to a young boy who is frowning .
Two little boys playing a game , one with his mouth wide open .
A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street .
A woman with a pink shirt and dark brown hair is holding up and pointing at a rod of pink cotton candy as she wears an excited expression upon her face .
A young boy jumps into water .
A young lady walking down the street wearing a black jacket , sunglasses , sneakers , jeans , & gloves .
A group of children run a footrace in the snow .
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .
A young boy eating chocolate ice cream with a spoon .
A woman wearing blue is talking to a man sitting on the sidewalk , next to some vegetables for sale .
An indian lady wearing orange is at the market in front of a bunch of fabric on a table talking to the lady sitting down .
Amish guy plays golf and walks
A silhouette of a skateboarder in the air .
People sit on a stone pillar in front of a number of docked boats .
A man is jumping into the surf .
A man in jeans and a white shirt is walking down the street
A lady is buying vegetables at the market .
A busy restaurant filled with many people talking .
A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass .
A young lady and her dog strike a pose at their farm .
two people are standing in a large arch doorway .
Young boy practicing his thumbed bass notes on the classical acoustic guitar .
A group of children sit as they seem to watch and listen to someone .
A view of a pedestrian thoroughfare , featuring a man in a black apron and a white baseball cap standing in the middle of the image .
Women standing in front of a ATM machine at a casino .
A man playing an instrument next to a tree .
The lady is taking a closeup picture .
Here are three photographers in cargo shorts , two of which are about to snap a picture .
It is a busy street with a gray tower and a golden clock face at the top and the working of the clock are somewhat visible .
a young child wearing a red hat and scarf playing in the street in a little snow .
A group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official .
A man in a white t-shirt addresses a crowd .
A child in a pink shirt is painting
A child makes a splash in the pool as he emerges from the water chute .
Man on green grass , mountains and semi-cloudy sky in background .
A male badminton player reaching to backhand the shuttlecock at an Olympic event .
A girl in a bikini top stands in front of a beautiful view .
A woman dressed brightly in florescent wig , tights , leotard , tank top , and high tops plays in public with a pink hula hoop .
A man playing the flute for a pigeon .
Some children participating in a class activity at school .
A musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth .
A street with a cafe and eatery in Italy .
Two elderly men are crouched against a blue wall .
A band is playing on a stage .
A baby smiles at a woman across the table .
A man watches a young child draw using crayola crayons .
Four people are sitting on the beach , looking out towards the ocean .
Two girls in shorts sit beside bookshelves filled with books and toys while one reads a large children 's picture book .
A young boy does a handstand on his canoe .
A smiling woman is holding a plastic bag and grabbing a small white object .
Three dressed up women walking on a gravel road .
Two men work to shovel snow from rooftops .
A petite female , wearing a blue blouse and white skirt , carrying a tan purse , walking through a busy downtown shopping district .
A woman in an elaborately decorated sweatshirt observes an event .
The man in a peach-colored shirt is carrying items on a huge cart .
Two men are competing in a fencing competition .
A woman in a flowing and ruffled dress performs in the middle of a fine wood floor , surrounded by onlookers .
A woman in a white skirt and training bra dances over a pile of leaves as a crowd of spectators looks on .
A couple sits in an antique automobile in a populated building .
A black and white dog looking up .
A little white dog running through the sand .
Two small children running on a beach .
A young boy sitting on a water jet in a pool .
A boy and girl kissing in the sunset .
A woman is on stage playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
An asian artists drawing .
5 Asians jumping for a picture in front of some totem poles .
A boy in blue runs towards the waves in the ocean .
Pedestrians walking on the sidewalk in an urban setting .
A girl , wearing safety goggles and blue rubber gloves , is using test tubes .
A man wearing a backwards cap at work .
A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog .
An older store clerk dressed in a plaid shirt standing behind a counter of a jewelry shop .
asian woman holding two buckets of food .
A man and woman look through CD 's at a street vendor .
Three small boys wrestling and one is shirtless , smiling , and facing the camera .
A child in a flower print dress is in a field of flowers .
A art teacher helping a student .
Two children , a girl and a boy , are swinging on a swing set .
Micky mouse mural and graffiti on the side of multiple story buildings .
A man examines his outfit while walking down the street .
A dog nurses her puppies .
A soaking-wet middle-eastern boy sitting on a boat .
A happy newlywed woman , surrounded by friends and family , has a bouquet of flowers .
A team of soccer players lifts one teammate so that he can reach the ball .
A dog races while wearing number 6 .
A train approaches in a dimly lit subway .
A shirtless young man is rock climbing .
the dog barks at the toy .
They swim laps across the pool .
A woman wearing a yellow hat is sitting on a porch .
Two children are dressed up like characters in Michael Jackson 's ' Thriller ' video .
Three woman and a man sing their hearts out in the microphone .
On a dimly lit stage , two men , one with a boom mike , another with a camera , face a third man sitting alone in the audience .
A brunette artist wearing a respirator is carving a sad looking knight into a brick structure that is only partially visible but appears to perhaps be part of a modern castle of some kind .
A goal is scored at a soccer game .
Young boy crying in a stroller .
2 men are swimming in a pool in separate lanes as if racing .
Boy eating a slice of pizza
A young woman plays tennis while wearing a yellow outfit .
A child plays in a Wiggles car while a man watches .
An elderly man working with several lines of string .
A skier doing a trick by a snow mound while a man films it with a camera .
Four young women around a kitchen counter with a plate of brownies in the foreground .
Two females from different teams playing basketball .
A politician gives a speech as people watch .
A boy on his bike stops and looks back at the cameraman .
A member of the military that is holding a gun and sitting on top of a vehicle .
Two people on a bench sitting in the shade .
A group of five people , four girls and one boy , are sitting by some kind of plant .
A small group of people walk down a beach access walkway toward the beach .
A nun kneels while speaking to a man in while robes .
A sparsely populated crowd at the stadium for a sports event .
A group of people , one woman in pink , stand outside of a building having a conversation .
People waiting at a light on bikes .
A child sleeps on a couch with his mouth open and his hand draped across his chest .
An old woman is holding a hammer wrapped in bubble wrap .
Singers performing to the crowd .
A man and woman wait outside the entrance railing of a subway station outside of a Sbarro italian restaurant .
A girl in a multicolored striped outfit is standing with her family .
A man with a red shirt and black hat suspends himself in the air by sitting on a pole and clinging to two wires with his hands .
A smiling man in a blue shirt is working on the spokes of a bicycle wheel .
A young man wearing jeans and jacket walking down a street .
Two large Men in neon yellow tank tops are working together to saw a huge log .
Woman holding baby covered with yellow blanket
A girl is balancing on a wooden beam .
A uniformed man puts of a temporary warning border .
A Mime Artist sitting as if he is sad , waiting to perform .
A female volleyball player is jumping for a volleyball on the opposite side of the blue team .
Large black dog is pulling things around on a red sled .
Women in costume stand on a stage .
A masked performer wearing an indigenous costume holds a torch in front of an audience .
Two african american children reading books .
A group of people are running a marathon in winter .
A person with an umbrella is crossing a street using a crosswalk .
A poster featuring a vintage picture of a beautiful actress advertises a company from its position , paste on the side of a building .
Two women walking down a crosswalk .
A man on scaffolding working on the masonry of a wall .
A group of people sit against a building and use electronics .
A young girl steadies her aim with a camera
Three people are playing water volleyball in a pool
A man in jeans and glasses stands next to a subway rail , leaning against a post and reading a book .
Worker at computer in empty office .
A man is standing in the window of a subway car as people walk past .
A group of people sitting in gray metal chairs with orange umbrellas in the background .
Nighttime scene of outdoor food kiosk .
Lemonade stander worker setting up shop for the day .
The woman with the hat is selling some fruits and root crops .
Man in chair reading entertainment magazine .
Man cheering a friend with beers .
A couple shares passion in the city .
Young people play an outdoor sport involving a ball and sticks .
A woman sits and watches another woman play in the pool .
A blond child about three years old is sitting in a small chair and laughing .
A child is hanging upside down on a ladder while another child is swinging from a rope .
Six soccer players in blue uniforms and five soccer players in red uniforms are on a soccer field playing soccer .
Older looking buildings on a cobblestone road .
Several women are drawing an item out of a brown basket .
Clown in red and black checkered pants on stilts acts as a puppet master as a female in blue hair acts as a marionette .
A guy in a Hawaiian shirt plays guitar .
Children are sitting on a blanket .
Young male hikers stop to take a rest at the rocky ledge of a mountain vista .
Ready and set as two hockey players on the ice wait with sticks out in front of them , anticipating the puck .
A girl walking down the sidewalk at night
Chickenfoot plays a musical set on a stage .
Artist putting a tattoo on the stomach of a young woman .
Four kids sit on the back of a guy in a banana suit while he does push ups .
A woman in tight pants and flip-flops is manipulating a bicycle against a wall .
A blond girl in a maroon and white uniform running .
A girl in a kitten costume stands near shelving .
Two young boys are in a wrestling match , on a mat .
A woman is ringing up groceries .
A man with a Santa Claus outfit stopped by two police officers .
A smiling young man in jeans and a t-shirt laying down in tall grass .
A man treads through a large puddle in the street of a poor-looking neighborhood .
A cowboy riding a bucking horse in front of a crowd at a rodeo .
a man carves an ice block with a chainsaw .
Two friends are eating at a cafe .
A skateboarder does a trick off a wooden ramp as spectators watch .
woman and a man standing across street from each other at a crosswalk .
Three men , two holding a shovel , are standing on side of a mountain .
A woman dressed in black with shopping bags is waiting on the sidewalk .
Three hikers rest in the shade of a tree in the desert .
A boy in red shorts is jumping into a swimming pool with a red chair beside it .
A young male skateboarder is jumping from a great height onto a lower floor .
A young blond boy is looking a red dog bowl and a shaggy dog is sitting behind him .
A man wearing glasses looks down and smiles .
Two men in orange and blue safety gear stand on the dock guiding a boat inward .
A duck is in water surrounded by cans , containers and other garbage .
African American children hold their hands up like a man in front of them .
An Asian boy eats with chopsticks .
A man is helping his daughter with her shoes , by a swimming pool .
A man and a woman walking past a brick wall , covered in graffiti .
An asian woman sings in an establishment .
Man and Woman viewing a lottery ticket in China .
Four people are in a boat moving across a lake that 's surrounded by trees .
A child in a Winnie-the-Pooh costume plays with a bunch of ribbons while another costumed child looks on .
Three men and two women walk down an outdoor hallway past a man sitting on a step reading a newspaper .
A man wearing a blue t-shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a lily covered pond next to a hillside .
A man in uniform wears a helmet with chin strap and red top .
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track .
Two people are demonstrating martial arts to a crowd and jumping over three youngsters who are crouched on the mat .
An Asian man waiting at a table for his food .
A young man with a happy expression is tossing bits of colored paper into the air .
Two women are swinging on a ride .
A man wearing a white shirt is looking out a window of a metal construction .
The brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs .
A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents .
A man in a red button-down shirt is teaching a class in a classroom with blue painted walls .
Two men screaming in a white room .
Two people running on a treadmill inside .
A young native is searching the tide pools along the shore .
a blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
An employee is vacuuming a building model .
Man rowing a boat .
Construction workers stand on scaffolding .
An Arabic man in a white hat .
Field workers are working in a rice paddy .
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines .
A small child taking a picture with a camera on a tripod .
One boy in a purple sweater is hugging another boy in a purple sweater .
man teaching toddlers a book in classroom
A woman talking on her cellphone .
Man in funny hat and bowtie working hard at making stuff
A man plays an accordion .
A man taking photos of nature .
A girl does a back bend in a field .
The crowd watches the horse , staring at the cowboy as he leaves the arena , wondering what will happen next .
People are walking down the street with vendors on the side on a beautiful , sunny day .
A boy jumping off of old tires
A girl in a sweater is at a temple with a variety of plants .
A big tan wet dog in shallow water .
Three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background .
The two little girls jump on the bed .
A man wearing a hat in front of a disco club .
A man wearing goggles is swimming in a pool .
Two girls in swimsuits shoot water guns from an inflatable pool .
A young mother and her baby walk along a street .
Four women watching something and smiling .
A woman gathering wheat outside in a wheat field .
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt and dried leaves
A guy holding onto a tight fishing pole while on a boat fishing .
This street band is playing music for people passing by .
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
There is a man in a kilt with tattoos and no shirt walking down the street carrying his skateboard .
A man playing basketball at an outdoor , fenced-in park , goes for the shot , while another man in gray pants tries to block him .
Small Asian boy with a yellow hat on pointing to his forehead .
Two women on the street presenting to a crowd , possibly trying to start a riot .
Too hooded figures walk through a thicket .
A man with glasses and a black t-shirt is playing an orange and black electric guitar and singing .
Snowboarder jumps off high ramp over icy landscape .
Three large dogs enjoy a romp in the snow .
Elderly man walks down a graffiti filled street .
A man smiles while holding a rope on a boat .
A man in blue shirt with a spatula is bending over to pick something up while grilling , as another man in red and black rain jacket leans on grill and watches .
A man stands on a busy street with buildings and shops in the background .
A man in a yellow jacket stands in front of a yellow hutch .
The man in the red coat holds a Subway wrapper close to his face .
a woman wearing a pink blouse with a blue skirt is texting in the foreground while three people are standing and talking in the background , all in a city setting .
This is a male surfer riding against the waves .
A formally attired couple find an informal moment in the fountain .
Man in a red shirt trying to flip food in a frying pan .
A group of people are gathered together near a screen with a colorful picture .
There are 2 men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella .
A woman in a blue helmet and brown shorts rides her bike on a busy street .
Two goofy guys perform physical comedy in an old English setting .
A man in midair holding his bike 's handlebars
A man in black pants and a white shirt is walking down the sidewalk in front of a building that has graffiti on it .
One young boy sliding down a sandy hill on his stomach .
A black dog with his mouth open and tongue out runs across an expanse of snow .
Lynyrd Skynyrd is playing a concert on their Gods & Guns World Tour .
MMA fighter in white shirt with Black and white shorts practices a kick in the gym .
A woman standing in a long line looking annoyed .
Kids sitting by the dock of the bay , cute kids .
Girls in light blue outfits perform a choreographed dance .
two guys from country trying to ploy the grass
A man is sitting down pointing and looking into the distance , there is beer bottles appearing in the background as well .
A woman from France prepares to shoot her bow and arrow with a woman from the United States behind her .
Someone in yellow pants is on a ramp over the snow .
A older woman in a dark coat holds a pack of paper tightly .
A man is making a cut on a piece of board with an electrical saw .
A skater is in the air and doing a trick with skyscrapers in the background .
A female speaker wearing a gray jacket , a dark scoop necked top with a dark knee length skirt is presenting to a group using a computer to present as well as a microphone at the podium .
Four people with shaved heads and white robes praying .
An elderly man with a long white beard and glasses is wearing a religious gray robe and eating fried food from a disposable container .
Three men wearing white uniforms stand on a grass field in front of a crowd .
A small boy in a red coat is on a man holding a dog 's shoulders .
A boy dressed in green rides a video motorbike game in front of ski ball machines .
The group of adults take a picture under the tree .
A wet boy stands under an umbrella .
The man in the green jacket is playing the piano next to a woman who is by a music stand .
A young boy pulls on both of another young boy 's ears .
A small baby in a onesie is sitting in a suitcase .
An elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations .
A person on blue pants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass .
A woman and man are dancing an ethnic dance .
The women is holding the boy while looking across the street .
A man carving an eagle out of a tree stump with a chainsaw .
A lone man is approaching a lit streetlight on an empty street at sundown .
6 cheerleaders in white and orange outfits and white boots with silver and teal pompoms .
Two men sit casually in folding chairs , gesturing , and speaking to one another .
a woman in a yellow shirt and green shorts is climbing an artificial red wall whilst wearing a safety harness .
Several people , two with bikes , gathered at a crowded area in an Asian country .
A man dressed in a gray shirt , striped running pants and tennis shoes is sleeping on a bench
A man is putting grass onto a car pulled by a lawn mower .
A small child wearing a red winter cap and a blue and black snowsuit pushing a plow through snow .
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach .
A cheerleading team is forming a pyramid with a banner of purple stars behind them .
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
A man is wearing an Alaska sweatshirt .
A man is sitting next to some metal equipment .
a dog bites a stick .
A funny car is preparing to drag race while people look .
A white and brown dog , mid-leap , in a park .
A man is playing on a stand up bass by plucking the strings .
A young girl holds a wet sponge and is ready to throw .
A woman is shoeing a horse .
A little boy with blue jeans runs on the leaves in the woods .
A boy in over-alls blowing bubbles in a field .
Two boys looking out the window of an RV .
An excavator is digging a hole on the street and there are some buildings behind .
Children holding foreign banners standing in front of an older man and woman .
A man in a hat and orange shirt driving a blue sanitation truck looking out the window smiling .
Several women walking down the street .
A British guard marches while on duty .
A child running on a half pipe .
A falcon is perched on a girl 's left arm as a man assists her and talks into a microphone .
A young woman with purple dreads hula-hoops while wearing furry purple leg-warmers and hot blue Nikes .
A barefoot male reading a book in the rain outside .
A man in a green floppy hat is selling merchandise , including star-spangled inflatable baseball bats .
Two tan dogs playing together in a fenced yard .
A child climbs up a ladder on a jungle gym .
A bearded man in a black cap is standing idly on a bridge looking out over the water .
A group of children and adults who are all wearing blue backpacks are standing on a sidewalk trail in the desert .
A soccer player in blue is chasing after the player in black and white .
A man and woman are having a conversation on a park bench .
A group of children play jump rope in the streets while others watch in the background .
3 women talking and a map is pinned on the wall .
A man in a black hat looking at pictures with another man .
Two white dogs are running together .
Two baseball players hugging each other .
A small crowd outside of Famous Joe 's Pizza .
A man by himself fishing in a river that runs through a city .
A dog holding a baseball in his mouth .
A man in a green shirt is jumping in a laundry room .
Someone holding a piece of , what looks like clear plastic , down on a hard surface while they drill a hole through it .
The man is sitting on a couch drinking from a red cup .
A brown and white dog is licking a small brown terrier .
Old man dozing in hospital bed .
Little boy doing a flying kick in a lited room with shadows .
Two friends holding hands as the walk the streets of a city .
A boy with a Mohawk and sunglasses .
A girl in a yellow bathing suit laughs and points at a girl in an orange suit while another girls looks on .
The dogs are running on the grass , near a baseball field .
The teenage boy and girl are smiling under a red flower .
A piece of wall art that includes a tree
A surfer in white striped wetsuit bottoms rides a wave .
Three old women look at a museum exhibit , one inspects it closer .
A man at a fire holding a stick to use for roasting .
A dancer in a yellow dress gracefully kicks her leg in the air .
A group of people , many with backpacks , walk down a corridor carrying rolling luggage .
A dark-haired dark-skinned child sleeps in a chair while holding a blue zippered pack .
Person riding a racing motorcycle while other people watch .
A crowd of Asian people , mostly children , wear blue sweatshirts or Black robes while standing in the street before a small shrine that sits atop a float featuring a white elephant .
Young people hang out at a party .
Girl smiling for camera with boy giving her bunny ears
A little boy plays a toy guitar while singing into a toy microphone .
Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper .
A group of
A crowd leans against barriers along side a road while a police officer on a motorcycle drives by .
A young couple walking by a mural of an ice cream parlor that is painted on a roll up door in a graffiti covered building .
A grocer wearing a black and white apron stands in front of his display case in a market .
Military men are getting ready for their duties .
A guy looking in a microscope .
A young woman is wearing a bridal veil outside a church .
Older man tipping his cowboy hat backwards while looking down .
two young boys competing in a race .
A group of school-aged children are sitting in a forest taking notes while several adults look on .
Multiple people walking outside in the rain .
A young girl dressed up in a princess costume outside .
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train .
Two women and a man stand together an talk over food on a table .
A woman swings a boy around outside a building .
A young black girl is being sketched by an artist while sitting outside .
Woman with can walking down street .
Man in a green shirt holding his shoes walking on the sand .
A young girl is performing a gymnastics routine on horizontal bars under the close supervision of an adult male .
People in a warehouse , with one man kicking a bag .
A woman sitting in a white t-shirt , with her hands in a white powdery substance on a newspaper , is surrounded by other people in white t-shirts .
Children running through fountains of water in the midst of crowd .
A group of Hispanic children are gathered outside holding basketballs , with one boy in a blue shirt smiling as he holds up a Spalding basketball .
A dark man with glasses who is wearing a white shirt is sitting in the middle of small boxes that are filled with various materials .
A man in a white hoodie doing an skateboard trick on two stairs .
A surfer riding a surfboard in the ocean .
A pizza restaurant making and serving pizzas of different kinds .
A young man wearing the AIDS WALK t-shirt is standing and typing on the laptop .
A man plays an instrument on the sidewalk for tips .
Woman in red dress and baseball cap eats lunch while sitting in gravel .
A young girl in a yellow t-shirt and blue jeans is jumping over an orange cone .
People are exiting and boarding a bus .
Three dirt bike racers head over a jump .
A woman waving the Mexican flag .
The tan and black dog is running across the grass .
A lot of joggers running in a park with two skyscrapers in the background .
Young girls coloring a map of Africa .
A man plays a yellow guitar while a cat watches him .
A group of people are gathering outside of a retail store .
Two men working at a Donut Shop promote their new product candied apples as Customers decide what is the healthiest option .
A girl jumps into the air enjoying her day .
Male picket holders protesting Immigration outside of a building .
A man walks in the street .
A man is removing a garter for a lady .
A young mother and toddler are wearing matching red shirts and are lying on the floor asleep .
Two ladies are sitting on a back deck with a dog in between each other .
A brown dog looking at a plate with food , someone 's hand taking from it .
An old man dressed in black is shoveling snow off of his steps on a wintry day .
A man in a blue shirt walking passed a store .
Asian woman wearing jeans and a tank top while playing an electric guitar inside a house .
two wrestlers wrestling , the one on the bottom is in submission and could possibly be in pain .
two men pushing two children in strollers in a relay
An older man with long , shaggy gray hair , in a dark gray suit , plays a musical saw in front of a microphone .
A group of people sitting on top of rocks with snow covered mountains on both sides of them .
Eight people are shown in the picture in snow gear seeming to be skiing .
Two men in suits under an umbrella and in front of graffiti .
A group of Caucasian people are singing and holding music books to help guide them .
A young man wearing protective eye wear , works on a tire .
A person swimming in a pool wearing a red bathing suit and blue goggles .
Two male hurlers are in mid-stride on a track near a brick wall .
Young boy looking through a telescope at midday .
A man is pushing a blue cart through a dirt road .
Woman in a hat outside a building on a stool with a canvas on her lap doing art .
Military personnel learning how to shoot their rifles .
A man is looking over what a street vendor has more sale .
A group of young people are walking through a park under blossoming trees .
An elderly woman is buying toilet paper , milk , and other groceries in a store .
Several men in construction uniforms are standing together .
A man with a beard and an orange cap smoking outside .
A man and a boy , perhaps a father and son , at a cookout , reading together .
A man stands in a run-down looking area .
The mountain climbers set up camp at the apex .
people getting ready to ride bikes .
Many people looking at an old locomotive .
A group of guys working on a small blue open-topped racing vehicle .
Some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain .
A woman waves as she rides a zip line .
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar .
An elderly woman is ascending a large set of stairs .
A group of workers in blue uniforms are marching in line down a path .
A Middle Eastern man is standing with his back against a lamp post near to other people who are waiting around .
A skateboarder in the air while flipping his board
A man and a woman are riding a large motorcycle .
A ballerina teacher is showing a young girl how to position herself .
Boy in sunglasses is running behind a fair .
A girl wearing a blue backpack is walking beside a blue plastic fence .
A shirtless man is washing something in a street fountain .
A child playing with water noodles in a pool .
A young Caucasian boy climbs through a metal structure of stationary rings outside in a paved area overlooking a body of water .
A man in a western outfit walks in a rodeo ring next to a fallen lassoed calf .
A black dog swims in the water .
Two dogs kind of unfriendly with their owners that are sitting down in front of a times realty sign .
Men working with hoses and a large blue and white truck .
Family and friends walking across a field .
A young boy on a basketball team dribbles the ball .
A motocross lets go of his bike in midair .
A small dog jumps over a striped gate .
A sunny day at a beach with an average amount of people .
Children are riding in little cars .
A girl wearing a scarf receives a Christmas gift .
A middle-aged man with a white beard and glasses holds up a small , wooden handmade cabinet .
A young man watches the Ultimate Frisbee game being played before him .
A baby in an Exersaucer pulls a striped cat 's tail .
White wine and appetizers on are displayed in an upscale restaurant .
Three women with blond-hair are walking over a bridge with green rails .
A woman being carried by two police officers from a crowd .
A woman in a green shirt and a man in a black jacket join others in walking down a sidewalk .
A group of people are cleaning up the outside of a house .
A man lifting weights in a gym .
A redhead women in blue jeans is sitting in a cemetery on the coast .
A man wearing blue jeans and sneakers walks under a green awning that extends from a store .
A race car sits in the pits .
two girls look into the water .
A young woman with red-hair , dressed in purple is holding an envelope as she walks on a city sidewalk .
As the sun sets 3 people are on a small boat enjoying the view
What 's a trip to the park without visiting the snack bar ?
A seagull on a picnic table at a dock .
Army members are holding guns getting ready to fire and attack .
two ladies riding a horse
Two fencers are competing in front of an audience .
Two young women posing for the camera .
A band is playing in front of an audience and the singer is wearing an orange shirt and has tattoos on his arm .
Three middle eastern men are sitting on the floor by a green wall looking at some paperwork .
A woman hiking upstream while a man watched from the side .
A woman taking a photograph of herself and another woman
A child works on her art project while her instructor watches over the class .
People are walking down the street in front of a white van .
A heavyset person carries a basket .
Two men workers doing their job with their supervisor .
A man in a red jacket takes pictures of graffiti .
A little boy in shorts and sandals is sitting in the grass .
Woman is sewing in order to make a living in her country .
Group of around ten men dressed in shirts and ties , reaching up and smiling .
A man wearing shorts leaps off a rock into the ocean .
A young boy chasing a gull on the beach
A person wearing a neon yellow reflective safety vest on a motorcycle with neon yellow reflectors all over it .
Two children , one of which is holding a stick , are standing on the beach as the sun begins to set .
A woman in a red jacket and another person get their snowboards out on a snow filled parking lot .
A man looking for something possibly left by the horse .
Two little girls in summer clothes are washing a brown dog .
A man in an orange shirt and blue pants talks to a woman in a golden shirt and red skirt .
A bearded man getting shaved in a public auditorium .
Children cluster together , toting their luggage .
A black and white dog carrying an orange ball coming out of the water .
Eight children wearing life jackets are in the water on a raft made of innertubes and noodles .
A woman is applying red fingernail polish to her nails .
A white-haired person is squatting in front of a brightly lit display case .
A woman in a yellow fluffy shirt waving next to dried corn husks .
A small child on her fathers shoulders .
A woman with glasses wearing a green knitted hat pushes a red baby stroller down an unpaved pathway .
A woman in a black hat and brown jackets passes two women who are hugging .
Two middle-aged white men wearing sunglasses sit in sun , one with green shirt and blue baseball cap the other in a plaid .
A guy is looking at fancy orange car .
A skateboarder is doing a trick in midair .
Young boy throws a rock into the water .
A man with glasses climbing a rock wall .
Three people are standing outside in front of a low stone wall .
Two friends meet up at a shop .
A boy kneels at the edge of a pond .
two young girls htting each other with sacks on a field .
A bride and groom are sharing a kiss on a sidewalk .
A rider on a dirt bike races through a forest .
A young child eating a snack while wearing a checked shirt .
A man , three women and a young girl are walking .
Four people in a wooden house are preparing for some important looking occasion .
A barefoot redheaded girl jumping over a rail .
Two women in their karate uniforms kick at one another .
A woman wearing a blue winter jacket crosscountry skies with a small pine tree dragging behind her .
There are four people in one room , and two of those four are testing cakes for an event .
A lady looks at a poster with a face and several spoons .
The dog is walking on the beach carrying a piece of yellow rope in its mouth .
A crowd gathered at an ice skating park in the winter .
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .
Six men in military uniforms are walking down a sidewalk .
A woman with red-hair is talking to a man in a gray hoodie .
Two workers in orange uniforms on a city street filling in concrete .
People are in an area where there is lighting illuminating the area .
A man with his back to the camera walks across a barricaded street .
A man in a red sweater holds a child on top of his shoulders .
A smiling young man walking on next to the beach wearing a baseball cap , blue t-shirt and jeans .
Its a dog show with many dogs .
A pregnant woman is sitting at a table with a man .
Girls in bright costumes holding little signs that say Iove you .
A busy city street as people are walking .
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red .
Parade of cheerleaders wearing black , pink and white uniforms .
A kid with a blue hat and braces holding onto a skateboard and appearing to give the impression that he is yelling .
A boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing .
A young boy about to land in the pool holding up one finger and smiling .
A girl stands in a driveway .
Two dogs are bending over and looking down into a ditch to investigate .
A toddler in a sundress sits in a miniature wicker rocking chair .
A young toddler boy sitting on floor holding his brightly colored plastic toy hammer and wearing large orange star glasses .
A man with a yellow shirt and blue jeans crossing the street getting ready to take a drink from what looks like a bottle of beer .
A man wearing shorts and a tank top jumping into the air .
A man in a flannel shirt and denim overalls working with tools in a workshop .
Two ladies and two dogs are on a farm , one is holding a pail .
A small boy in a red shirt and black shorts pushing a broom outside a house on the driveway next to a toy basketball hoop .
One man is sleeping on a couch and the other is smiling .
A man wearing a goatee and knit cap is next to a woman with a black umbrella in the foreground of a group of attentive people .
Two girls play in a sand box .
Black dog running through grass with something orange in its mouth
A girl is reading while drinking Starbuck 's coffee .
The students of Martial Arts class practicing outside near the studio
An individual is sleeping under a tree .
An asian woman and man stopping for a brief second to look at a cellphone .
A bride laughs as she cuts her cake with her groom in front of palm bushes .
A woman in a white shirt is holding a rope .
A young child sits on some pillows with a green tray of chopped-up food in front of him .
A man holds a flying national flag amid debris and smoke .
In a dance studio , a man and a woman do stretches .
A woman with brown hair , wearing a black sweater , black glasses , and dark pants is crossing a street pass three children while holding a lavender bag with white embroidery .
A trailer hitch is holding a large contraption .
Some people are standing around a large inflatable slide , watch a child slide down it .
Man in yellow kayak falls in the rapids .
A woman is sitting at a table in a restaurant eating .
Three oriental elderly men sitting at a table drinking .
A married ethnic couple celebrate among peers .
An older man with a yellow blouse is reading something while he stands on stage .
A man dressed in a wizard costume adjusts his glasses .
Brunette girl sits with her legs cross while reading a magazine under the counter .
A boy climbing a rocky area .
Two children push a younger child on a swing that is hanging from a large shade tree .
One person in a crowd of people , wearing a blue wig
The man in white is talking to the women by the bench .
A young girl in a white top is giving two thumbs up .
A woman holding a white dog points at a brown dog in the grass .
Several people stopped by the side of the road are watching what is happening in the woods .
Three women in sports bikinis are playing volleyball on a sandy beach .
City workers doing repairs .
Older woman is dressed for colder weather .
Two black dogs and one brown dog in tall grass .
A man and woman embrace near a river in winter .
A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street .
A woman in white cuts the hair of a woman wearing a red smock .
A little girl and a grown man are looking at each other and holding up two fingers on their right hands .
A man fixing equipment in an empty warehouse .
A man with curly hair is sleeping .
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .
A girl in a blue dress stands in front of a circular grill where meat is cooking .
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth .
A dog leaps in the snow to catch a ball .
Four kids are playing on the sidewalk as two adults watch from chairs behind them .
Scottish bagpipe players are performing on the streets .
A dog is jumping into the water .
There is a guy doing tricks with his skateboard .
People surrounding a telescope to view things at a great distance .
A white girl and a black woman pose with a person dressed in a spacesuit .
Girl with soda in her hand wearing a funky vest , a piercing , and tattoos , making a face at the camera .
Photo of an inside of a place with chairs and people sitting in them .
A black dog on a leash with a red collar has its face in the water .
A person hanging off of a cliff .
Three men are playing volleyball in a park .
A group of people standing in the water on a sunny day .
A man in a white long-sleeve shirt and pants is golfing near a small lake .
A man in a black shirt painting a duplicate copy of another painting hanging in an art gallery .
There are two wrestlers , one with a red helmet and another with a black helmet , are having their fight broken up by a referee .
Visitors travel along a mountain path as they walk along a safety fence .
A boy in a black shirt carries a blue bucket while walking with men dressed in white .
Three musicians wearing leather are performing on a stage , including a guy with a guitar , and two singers .
Men standing outside a building all wearing white shirts .
The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain .
Asian male uses a hand truck to deliver a stack of produce filled boxes .
Man on sidewalk uses step ladder to apply sticker to storefront window
Two black and white dogs after something in the mud .
A group of sunbathers lies on the rocks on towels and blankets .
A young woman wearing black pants , black shoes and a purple top has her right knee and foot pulled up to her hip while she is standing on her left foot .
Two men fishing in the water by the boat and two women sitting on buckets on the sand .
Guy in Art Deco Glass Home .
A man is fixing a net in front of a big stone staircase .
A college student is discussing while wearing a pair of goggles , as if he is a scientist .
Three people in a race running outside in the sunshine with participant numbers on their belly 's .
A woman , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .
At an intersection , a man is pushing a gurney loaded with boxes in front of a woman wearing brown boots .
A man wearing all white ( including a bandanna ) cooking something and making a huge flame .
A young cowboy is mesmerized by the presence of a camel .
Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand .
A woman in pink is riding a bicycle while a man jogs beside her .
A dog with a stick in its mouth climbs out of the water .
The little kid is swinging in the backyard .
The three people are walking on the seashore , which is covered with seaweed .
Hockey player takes the puck .
Two girls walking in a parade with a sign that says riverview high school kiltie band .
A woman writing the alphabet on a chalkboard while carrying a sleeping baby on her back .
Mounted officers in bright green jackets sit on their horses wearing helmets .
A group of people singing with books in their hands .
Two women wearing graduation hats and robes are smiling .
A girl dressed in a red polka dot dress holds an adults hand while out walking .
Woman with red-hair wearing black clothes throwing a rock into water .
Three people walking through a ravine between two rocky cliffs .
Four human figures are backlit by a sunset .
A man in shorts and a pink polo shirt , with a large black backpack and headphones , riding a bike .
A woman dressed in white riding a white bicycle .
A group of Asian students playing London Bridges while another student lies on the ground .
A woman wearing a gray sweater slices into a light brown celebration cake as she sits next to a much older woman holding a plate .
A man is pulling a pizza out of an oven
A dog sledding team pulling a man wearing a bright orange jacket in the snow .
People sitting and walking along the street of a city .
A black dog wearing a red collar is running through snow next to a wooden fence .
women in black dress holding baby below a statue
a person in a green jacket throws a stick into the water for a black and white dog to fetch whilst a brown and white dog looks on .
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass .
A Hispanic woman and man in ceremonial dress dance down the street .
A woman is sitting on a white bench .
This is one of those places that you may see just about anything .
Sidewalk with reduce speed sign on the left .
A homeless man stands in the street with a black dog .
Dancers practice dance positions with each other , with some using a safety rail for assistance .
A man wearing a white shirt is working on building something .
A man in a black shirt enjoys his living room .
little girl posing for a picture .
A person walks down the brick railing near a set of steps .
A man in jeans and sandals squatting in front of a car with women in a skirt laughing behind him .
A SouthEast Asian girl sits in a makeshift metal bucket as a boat , holding a snake , giving a fierce smile as she floats over muddy water .
Guy in a green sweater is on stage with his instrument .
A bus driver talking on a cellphone while driving the bus .
A group is looking at things for sale .
Two men playing a guitar game on a tv .
dogs playing
Workers in bright yellow and red vests are cleaning windows outside a building .
A girl in a white shirt with a ponytail stands with her purse on her shoulder .
a man in a beige shirt is operating a video camera next to a girl in a black sweater .
Five men , all white and somewhat old , are playing various musical instruments .
Two children slide down a snowy hill in a bright green sled .
An old man with a cigarette hanging out of his mouth standing in front of a fryer while holding a carton of cooking oil .
A man and a woman are dancing together beside a man playing music .
A group of darkly clothed men gather outside and speak enthusiastically .
A small Asian boy takes a nap in a shopping cart in a grocery store aisle .
Woman stands at table under a yellow , green and blue umbrella , while child sits at table under umbrella
People testing the gaming console called the " Wii " .
This photo includes a statue of a man and a woman walking with a blue shirt walking behind it .
A group of village children sitting in the dirt ans writing on slats .
A boy with a basketball .
Woman standing on the street with a shopping bag and a purse .
Person protecting themselves from the water , by wearing a suit .
Two people are paying to play a basketball carnival game .
A very young girl is walking on a playground .
A man in aerodynamic gear riding a professional mountain bike through a forest .
two kids playing in flood water .
Three boys diving into a lake .
Woman 's hair being curled with a hot curling iron .
A U.S. soldier helps a young girl in the hands of her father , while other soldiers look on .
Two people working in a resaurant .
The band members posing with instruments .
The two large people are sitting outside on a bench
A male billiards player with a grin on his face and his pool stick in hand overlooking a billiards table with some balls on it .
A man sweeping in the street .
Two Greyhounds racing at night
A waterskier flies into the air .
A young woman walking on the sidewalk .
Two young women are holding a conversation while walking through a grass covered area .
Duck flapping wings .
A young boy jumping
A small child dancing in front a orchestra band .
A soldier training a German Shepherd for a mission .
A strangely dressed man in a mask .
A soldier stands behind a temporary barrier .
A man in a black winter jacket and red shirt stands over a snowy slope with the mountains as his background .
A man is leading two small ponies on a walk at a park .
There is a sheep lying on the ground .
Couple looks for their seats at sporting event .
Two young men play outside near a golden statue of Ghandi .
The person in front who is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and white hard hat is carrying a bottle .
A man wearing a blue T-shirt and gray cargo pants is working on an overhead fluorescent light .
A young boy is on the back of another person whom is wearing a hat .
A guy pushes cart full of water in bags on the travelator .
A man is sitting at a table laughing while holding a glass .
A man singing in front of a big heart .
A curious boy doing science experiments .
A man wearing a cowboy hat holds a cellphone and stands on the sidewalk while people walk around in the background .
A woman in a purple shirt and light green pants outside a camper in a forested area
A woman sitting by the water washing some clothes .
A musician is playing a cello in an orchestra .
A long-haired dog runs across a lawn with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A woman wearing a red coat is jumping outdoors .
A little boy is sitting down reading a book .
A pretty blond-haired woman is talking to a professionally dressed man on the sidewalk .
A man is sleeping on a chair on the side of the street in front of a few books .
Man and woman kiss on pier overlooking sunny harbor area .
A middle-aged woman in a burgundy dress with short black hair stands at a music stand as two people in the back are blurred while holding hands while leaning back .
A girl with black hair and a brown sweater is cooking on the stove and has a big smile on her face .
a black man and a white man standing in front of a green bush
A hand poking out of a black sweater sleeve is mixing an egg into a flour well with a fork .
A boy is standing in the surf at the beach .
A girl runs through an obstacle course outside as some boys watch .
Two firefighter are surrounded by smoke .
A man crouched on a snowy peak .
Some ladies on an outing .
A shirtless man is breathing fire in a city .
The city at night .
A man is dressed in a turban and a blue and brown robe .
A young black child is wrapped in a white robe and standing in a bathroom doorway .
A teenage girls with long brown hair and glasses who is wearing three necklaces sits and looks at some smoke
Two girls fighting during a karate tournament .
An older woman following after a baby on the run .
A blond-hair toddler on her hands and knees in front of a door .
Some people are dressed up for a costume party .
A shirtless skateboarder is in midair , flying over a small , colorful ramp .
A small boy , fully dressed , playing in the sand .
A woman in a blue helmet and red pants riding a motorcycle .
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
A girl in a green tank top is wearing white glasses .
The man ponders his situation during a stroll through the yard .
A boy in a yellow shirt and khakis is reaching into a puddle of water .
Men working in a warehouse , putting rice into barrels .
An dark-haired woman in a blue and white jacket is lighting some electric candles in a room with beige walls .
A man in black clothing plays electric guitar on stage .
A man sits at a table outside .
A man wearing a tank top is positioning a piece of metal over his head .
Two people on a bridge in a park jumping with their arms in the air .
A basketball player in a red uniform blocks the shot of a player in a white uniform and glasses while other while a referee watches and other players and onlookers sit behind them .
A man in a green shirt hailing a taxi in a large city .
Two construction workers are welding a metal structure .
A woman in a hospital bed sticking out her tongue .
Five young women dressed all in white performing .
A young man wearing a gray shirt is standing outside of a log home while smiling .
A crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow .
A man in a white tank top plays the piano accompanied by someone on guitar .
A boy runs to a baseball base .
A line of people , some standing and some sitting , are waiting on a platform for a train .
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox .
Someone in a white shirt yelling through a mega phone to a crowd of people .
A group of people stands along the beach .
A hockey player crouches slightly , with a full crowd in the background .
A woman and a girl inside , near some gifts during the holidays .
Eight people are standing behind each other with arms stretched out to look like a tree .
A young boy sitting around a bunch of fruits , might be selling some of them .
Two women are sitting at a table with a microphone .
Man in white tank top looks on as another bends over in the kitchen .
A dog is staring at a red ball coming towards him .
Black man on sitting in the foreground while a dark-skinned woman wearing a yellow dress walks in the background with something in her hand near her face .
A male rock climber grips a large crack on the side of a ledge .
A group of people with bikes looking in the direction another young person is pointing .
A biker is racing downhill .
a lone snowboarder jumping in the air doing a trick .
A group of seven adults are stopping to take photos while hiking in the woods .
A man juggles at the beach .
A small boy sits in a ride at an amusement park .
A woman is pushing her child in a four-wheeled cart .
Young men playing football .
A group of boys play basketball together .
A man standing next to a wheelbarrow full of bricks .
A boy in a red shirt with a flag on the sleeve looking through a telescope .
A man in a uniform is leading a German Shepherd on a leash to jump over a barricade .
A man with a mustache grills hamburgers outside .
A man wearing a white shirt , with his back to the viewer , goes past three people going in the opposite direction .
People standing next to a parade float showing toys and presents .
Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car .
young asian boy wearing blue hat and shirt sitting on man 's shoulders
The woman is ice skating and pulling the little girl in the cart across the ice .
This young biker has his arms out as he tries this trick .
Four old women talking on a bench .
A man is on stage with no shirt on grabbing a pool at what looks like a tv sporting event .
Girl learning about animals at the zoo .
Four people ride horses to the edge of the water .
A young woman in striped turtleneck blouse is sitting in an office and working on an Apple computer .
Small child sleeping with three stuffed animals .
A black dog playing in a river .
The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach .
A black and white dog runs through grass .
A navy walking wearing a black coat and pants on the stairs as camera focuses on the dog
A child is sitting behind a makeshift table .
Two women at an office looking at a computer screen .
man wearing blue shirt and vest sewing gray piece of fabric
Two dogs , identical white with brown spots wrestle on jet black sand .
Man on skis attempting to jump over a snow pile
A man with a white headband playing drums .
A man is reading something on a computer screen
A man preparing to repel down a mountain .
A woman stands at a microphone singing with her band in the background .
A little girl is holding a little boy on her lap .
A cowgirl is lassoing a young white calf from the back of her brown horse .
A man is standing on the side of the road in a downtown area with a grill and a complete set-up , making food for people who pass by .
A man is cooking some food outside .
One young girl in a white hat and a blue dress , and one young girl in a blue top with black pants and carrying a purse are standing next to each other , the girl in the blue hat is pointing as something and smiling .
Brown dog jumping near water on the beach .
A drummer in a black sleeveless shirt playing on his drum set .
A bunch of boys standing in front of the ocean and a big gorilla that is directly in front of the ocean .
A man in a baseball cap is playing a shooting game in an arcade with a friend .
A kid skateboards down railings of a large set of stairs .
A woman laughing and a man using a noise maker .
Three people are standing in front of an arcade .
A girl taking a picture with her cellphone of a large group of people .
A crowd of people are gathered with their hands up in the air .
A woman holding a newborn baby .
a young boy rides a purple bike .
Men using a cement mixer .
Nine women in white robes with hoods walk on plush , green grass .
A man skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle .
a boy is helping a little girl put on her goggles
Two young girls holding a camera together .
A man and woman are standing on the stairwell
Two people walk in the rain with umbrellas .
A woman is carrying a sleeping baby in a sling on her chest .
Trekking through the snow in the mountains with a full size backpack on .
A woman makes fabric in a village .
The boy locked the cycle and went away .
A group of Asian people are reading .
Two males are riding horses chasing after a cow in a red wooden arena .
Woman setting in chair looking threw photo album .
A woman focuses her Canon DLP , surrounded by green trees and grass .
A child is running away from a woman standing by a paddling pool .
A group of kids listening to their band instructor , and reading music off their papers .
Four people playing instruments underneath a white tent .
A woman bends over a full dishwasher in front of a counter of dirty dishes .
Children play ball in a gym .
A young man in glasses is drinking beer and holding the 10 of clubs to his forehead .
A man standing and putting dreads in a women 's hair while she stairs off into the distance .
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it .
Two men are walking by a colorful shop as one admires something under the umbrella .
A tennis player with green a green headband on is ready to hit the ball .
Two men and a woman gather a fresh produce stand .
An emergency crew caring for a man with an oxygen mask .
A man in a dark sweater and glasses jokes with two women over a meal and drinks .
There is a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly while the crowd watches at a rodeo .
A woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand .
A kid in blue jeans and black socks sleeps under a pink blanket with a swirl design .
A young boy in dark clothing with a smile sprints .
A group of children , each carrying a handful of balloons , being led by a child waving a colorful flag .
Men in working suites , looking at large ship .
A young woman holds a rake behind her back .
A man is playing a guitar with a child playing a harmonica while three young girls watch .
A boy with a black jacket and a blue hat is hugging a brown and white dog on a porch in the snow .
A Chinese restaurant employee giving a food workshop .
Two girls , wearing safety goggles , preparing for a science experiment .
Person carrying a bunch stuff in a shoulder sac walking along a sidewalk .
Two men kickbox in a ring , one man punching the other .
8 people , 5 guys and 3 girls working on choreography , dancing in sync with one another , most wearing black jeans , white shirts , and baseball caps .
A man wearing glasses is reading his cellphone and holding a drink in the other hand .
A group of tourists are standing on a bridge .
Small brown dog licks lips as it runs across grass and dirt .
A group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen .
Two people are sitting on a wall near a large display of cotton candy .
One person is grabbing another person by the neck and kissing them on the cheek .
Two young males playing football outdoors going for the ball .
Four women walk down a snow covered road .
A small boy , wearing a yellow and red shirt , coloring on paper with a blue crayon .
A fat guy in pink , drinking beer .
A man wearing a brown jacket stands among a group of men in front of a large machine .
A young man , holding a book , is teaching in front of a blackboard in a hut .
A man wearing a green shirt is jumping his bicycle off a ramp .
The little girl is riding her red scooter .
A woman in pink cuts a hamburger with a spatula .
A brunette child with glasses holding a blond child wearing a red sweater and yellow boots .
A woman wearing glasses holding a red umbrella .
four young adults in a busy city area
Adults are voting while children wait behind them .
A few people are walking in a waterfront area .
A man is checking on crabs in a glass dish .
A man parachuted out of a plane , onto the snow .
A skateboard jumps down a bridge .
An event is taking place outside .
Female distance runner participating in a race .
A woman in a sunhat lays on a large black tube .
A muddy dog runs next to water .
A woman eats a meal outdoors , sitting on a picnic bench .
A man in a yellow shirt smiling sitting in a red bike in the backseat .
A marching band plays in a park .
Two men , one in red and one in blue , are playing a sport with paddles and a ball on a green field .
A bearded man sits in a chair reading a book .
A skinny guy with long curly hair and glasses is wearing white gloves as he injects something in a bottle
Female and a male sitting on a brown flowered couch in a store .
A man dressed in blue and a female dressed in a brown dress , with the mic are performing on stage .
Two men playing ball in a gym , with the player in the green shirt getting ready to pass the ball while the red shirted players is trying to overtake him .
A man in a blue shirt using a yo-yo .
Two people walk at night past a building that glows with purple light .
A lady opening presents in a classroom with a group of ladies .
Two tan dogs , one larger than the other , interact in a grassy yard enclosed by a wooded fence .
A woman wearing shorts is feeding two llamas or alpacas in a field .
A young girl stops with her shopping bags to play with a small puppy on a brick road .
Three blindfolded people are in front of a white ' Salvar o Planeta ' wall .
Woman cleaning the windows of a building .
A woman and child making decorations outside .
A dog running down a paved road .
A little girl in a fleecy jacket holds a stuffed animal and smiles .
One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them .
Two young women walking .
A man with a quilted glove is bitten by a dog .
Two children playing soccer .
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background .
A large man sits in a military accessories store .
This man holds a fish while two little girls stand to either side of him .
A professor motions with his hands in front of a classroom full of students .
A dark-haired woman biting fingernail in the middle of a crowded sidewalk .
People enjoying themselves at a party .
A group of female athletes are huddled together and excited .
An average looking man is playing the guitar .
A group of men play field hockey .
A band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people .
Man in boat wearing athletic shorts , a backwards baseball cap and sunglasses unhooks a fish he has caught while fishing .
Two men leaning on a railing wearing orange vest .
A tan dog catches an orange ball in the snowy yard .
Man on ladder reading while his head is inside a ceiling panel .
A seated man is working with his hands .
A man is lounging in the bathtub , covered in soap bubbles .
A woman in black cheering .
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .
Three people are standing on rocks near a body of water .
Two hispanic cowboys stand behind a pickup truck .
A woman looking at a large dog in the glass .
A man in a yellow jumpsuit and blue face mask welds a metal beam .
Someone in a blue and white striped sweater is eating and the dog next to them is interested in their food .
A woman in a colorful dress dances in the street .
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen .
A group of well dressed men with a pack of dogs .
Two men are at the beach standing on the waters edge .
Man at a construction site with a hard hat on and a green vest .
A man standing next to a wall with a company logo .
Three young men playing musical instruments , one has a guitar and one is on drums .
A man wearing protective gear riding a dirt bike up a rocky hill .
A group of people sitting in a grassy area under a pink and white blossoming tree .
A woman holding her hat as she crosses the street .
A man in a white baseball cap is sitting on a boat with his feet in a yellow net .
A guy with legs crossed sitting on cinder block .
A playful dog running across the snowy field with a stick in its mouth .
A woman and a dog sit on a tree stump .
Blond women laying on man 's shoulder in a car .
A man with work clothes on standing on the back of a truck .
A kid in a black shirt on a tennis court running with a dark green background .
A woman eating a frozen treat while sitting down .
Two children are climbing a rock wall .
A man wearing sunglasses is playing a guitar , and three girls are sitting next to him .
One boy in a yellow shirt rides a donkey hitched to a cart carrying two boys in yellow along a road .
A man in a black fedora smiles at the camera .
Guy in gold getting a shoeshine from a street vendor .
A police officer is standing in a doorway .
A very young boy is looking over the balcony by standing on one of his toy bikes .
A man dressed in medieval clothing sits on a medieval type cart .
Three construction workers in hard hats standing outside .
An African American man playing guitar in the subway .
Two men dressed in white uniforms , one with black pants , are doing karate .
A snowmobile rider flies through the air on his or her machine in front of tall pine trees .
A couple is walking past cherry blossom trees .
a black , brown and white dog is running beside a green fence in a grassy garden .
A brown dog running over grass .
Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence .
A young blond-haired girl gets her haircut by someone in a yellow blouse holding a white comb .
A soccer game where one team is wearing red and the other green is taking place .
Two chess players , the woman with brunette curls , tan sweater , and eyeglasses is picking at a fingernail , and the man with receding dark hair , has hands covering his face and is staring down at chessboard .
Two people are singing while one of them is playing a guitar
Man at bar with a green drink .
A girl in glasses holds a bright orange book in front of her face .
A young man with dark hair wearing a blue shirt sitting on a city bench with three boys , one smiling , one with glasses and one crying .
A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall .
Two dark-haired women are seated and engaged in a conversation .
A man creating a clay object at a potters wheel .
A little girl in a white tub holds a wooden object into the water .
A woman in a pink outfit with large white buttons waves a bubble wand , creating bubbles in a park while a small blond child watches .
A person is parasailing over water , with other parasailors close behind him .
A little girl is holding a bottle .
A child wearing Crocs sits on a swing in a wooded area .
A long-haired man in a striped shirt sits on the grass and plays acoustic guitar .
A young blond girl wearing pink is lying on a tile floor looking up and there are brown dominoes next to her .
A carnival worker looks on as two women step up to play a game .
A woman in a gray shirt is hunched over , with her arm on her hip .
A woman is holding a jar of mustard and a boy is looking at a tray of hamburgers .
Four school aged children are sitting in front of a model volcano .
A female gymnasium in a blue leotard getting hugged by someone else in a blue jacket and black pants .
two children and their dog play in the snow .
Mariachi dancers dressed in white dresses twirling for a crowd .
A man with a black shirt holding a yellow skateboard , standing in front of a crowd .
Fruit and Vegetable stand nicely arranged with two men in the back .
A woman in a blue dress sings while her bandmates play instruments .
A man is doing tricks on a bike and is very high in the air .
During a basketball game a player is about to dunk while the opposition does what he can to block it .
A young man surfs a big wave while others idle in the background .
Kids are playing in fountains in a city .
Group of people in a small dimly lit area reading something .
The lady is drinking a brownish liquid .
A martial arts student attempts to deliver a kick to his sparring partner as fellow students look on .
An older gentleman in a blue plaid shirt is blowing into a horn .
middle-aged women ( maroon shirt ) holding child ( white shirt ) and a young women ( green shirt ) in the not too far distance .
The small furry dog is jumping over a low beam .
A surfer on a roiling wave .
Man with sunglasses and headphones riding a bike .
People walking in the street holding up banners and waving their arms .
A group of rugby players are struggling over the ball .
Two men making funny faces while they drink alcohol .
A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree .
Children riding tricycles on the pavement .
A woman drinking while cooking .
An old woman sitting on a bench , with people around .
A woman in a red coat is smiling , while people in the background are walking around in winter clothing .
A man is showing a girl a surfboard .
A man in a red shirt is jumping into tall grass .
A young girl and a toddler are tearing wrapping paper off a present .
An audience is enjoying an evening concert outdoors , as a group is performing in front of them .
The black dog is jumping up at the yellow ball being held by the man .
A person in a teal headdress , green long-sleeved shirt , and multicolored long skirt walks down a sidewalk .
A man has a knife on his arm and another man is watching .
A man is a black ninja suit with a mask is playing a guitar .
A gymnastics performer is swinging upside down on the bar , as an audience watches .
A white male with a shaved head and goatee wearing a black t-shirt and blue jeans is playing a guitar with red symbols painted on it in some structure with columns and a wooden roof .
A man stands outside .
A tennis player finishes her swing .
Four people taking in front of a bus .
A fluffy white dog looks down a steep , grassy embankment .
Young girl with pink rabbit ears plays with crayons at a table .
People sitting down by a stream of water .
Two young men in jeans and dark jackets standing in front of a building .
A person standing in front of a mountain background .
Two guitarists are performing in front of a gum ball machine .
One lady is shaving the head of another lady while a group of women in watch .
A small boy is brushing a baby 's hair who has a blank facial expression .
A hiker with two hiking poles stands on a hillside with a view of the city below him .
A group of musicians are playing together .
A bowler following through after releasing the ball .
A young man in white is midair on his bicycle performing a trick .
An old bundled man sleeping on the grass .
A black dog in a pink sweater is up on his hind legs in front of a pink blanket .
A man in a blue shirt is shaving his face .
Construction workers working outdoors with their backs to the camera .
A woman helping a small child wearing a bright colored diaper out of a pool .
A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky .
a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a building
A boy skips a rock in a creek .
The boy is sitting in the lap of the car 's driver and helping to steer .
People are walking or riding bicycles in the street of a town .
An off-white dog has his mouth open as he bounds through the fenced-in snowy area .
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains .
Two individuals falling asleep at the table .
Three people cleaning an apartment together .
A black bull throwing it 's rider off in a rodeo while two men wearing matching shirts with flames on them rush in to help .
A little boy is wearing a blue helmet riding his scooter on the sidewalk .
A woman and a young girl sharing ice cream cones .
A woman in an orange and yellow dress is holding an umbrella and walking .
group of people dressed in black crossing city street
A child with a red oriental umbrella has her face painted white and red .
A group of people in plaid skirts , black vests and white-collared shirts are playing drums .
Two women and one man sit on a bench .
Asian fruit stand on the street at night .
A man tends diligently to his barbecue .
Looking through a set of bars , we see a man in a jacket sitting on a bench ; he looks at a piece of paper .
A man in white is smiling and holding something in his hand .
Two young children with red dots are their foreheads are both wearing yellow shirts and red shorts and one is riding a red tricycle .
A young child is sledding down a snowy hill on a red sled .
A woman with a child on her shoulders who is holding a drum like toy and another child in her lap are sitting on a brick walkway in a crowd .
A girl in a green shirt fishing in the ocean while standing next to a man in a blue t-shirt .
Two people playing outside in the snow , smiling at a duck .
Two young girls dressed formally
Two men is separate canoes are in an area full of lillypads .
A girl closes her eyes as she swings the bat and misses the softball .
A fireman holding a red hose .
A red-haired young man drinks from a water fountain shaped like a woman .
Three people standing under a movie theater sign .
A woman outside sun-bathing on a blanket in a bikini .
A band consisting of one female and three males plays during the day .
People are walking past a young man in a red shirt and khaki shorts .
Asian person standing in front of a group of people playing flute style instruments .
Runners participating in a race run up a hill on a paved road through wine country .
Surgeons in blue protective clothing are performing surgery .
A woman in a blue dress is sweeping the floor in a cobblestone road
one cyclist carrying a ladder to the shop
A man is suspended in the air on cables while doing some work on a building .
A red truck drives through water while onlookers take pictures .
Someone is painting a wall outside .
The big man wearing black jacket is walking .
A group of people entering a club or restaurant .
A man is giving a presentation to a room full of people .
A woman and a child sitting in a brown leather chair .
Two young girls are outside in dresses .
A man in yellow shirt and black shorts walks down the steps of a crowded athletic stadium .
Girl in a pink polo shirt and short gray shorts playing tennis while men watch .
A man in a black coat and black pants is speaking into a microphone .
Two dogs attempt to get a small ball .
A backpacker smiles widely as she strolls down the street .
A man holding a baby and an older child admire a birthday cake with candles .
A young girl plays with her dolls .
A blurred person on a motorized bicycle while three people are on the right side of the street .
A female child and a woman looking at a painting on a wall .
A man and a woman sitting at a table gambling .
An elderly man with a cane is out shopping .
Young girls are wearing red and gold traditional Asian dresses and waving red and yellow flags .
A man with glasses uses a torch to work on a glass project .
A lot of people are walking outside in the road with a lot of trees .
A teenage boy in a blue shirt is wearing lab goggles and looking at a beaker full of blue chemicals .
Eight young girls in a school gym are on mats , wearing gym clothes and practicing cheerleader moves while in the background are the backs of two more young girls , not on the mats , who are also practicing moves .
One man wearing a blue shirt , white shorts , and sandals , and another man wearing cargo pants and a gray jacket shop at a farmer 's market .
A boy wearing a helmet on a bicycle in a wooded area .
A class listen to a man giving a lecture .
Older man cooking for an outdoor barbecue .
Girl in blue tries to get a base runner number 11 out during softball game .
A man is walking through the water with a fishing net .
A girl sits in bed reading a book .
A man singing and playing his guitar amidst the blaring lights of the bar .
A spruced up , bespectacled man garbed in a dress shirt , dress pants , and tie , stands over a made bed in a well-kept room .
A school basketball game is in progress .
A man plays a blue electric guitar in front of a microphone .
Two men riding three horses wave their arms in the air .
A large group of Asian people posing for a picture with a storm trooper
A child is looking at an angel made in the snow .
A couple demonstrates some defensive moves .
Woman in blue is tossing a young child into a pool .
Several young girls are sitting on the ground in a dance studio
A young boy in a red shirt and ball cap is participating in an Easter Egg hunt and has found numerous eggs all in one area that he 's picking up .
A large crowd of people stand outside in front of the entrance to a Metro station .
Men in traditional dress stand outside .
A boy in an orange short plays in bubbles .
A man with a beer and a plastic bag sleeping in a park .
A girl is standing barefoot on the railroad tracks
a woman taking vitals of another woman in a hospital setting
Two swimmers are playing a water sport with a yellow ball and a net .
People wait in a long line on a staircase .
Three men and a woman posing on and around a large tree with many branches .
A handful of people are waiting for the subway .
The child has a necklace on and is in the water .
People are relaxing on cement stairs with grass , while others walk by .
A young boy wearing goggles , a vest , and arm floaties is swimming in a pool .
A rider is in the process of falling off their bull .
An Arab woman and man sweeping the street .
A middle-aged man presents a spreadsheet on powerpoint .
Two men dressed in middle eastern attire pose for a camera .
Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city .
People relax in a food and drink establishment while viewing something off-camera .
Three guys sit on a bench outside of a beverage shop talking .
A person in a red shirt pulls on a rope while a little boy watches .
A man talking to a group of people .
Black male dressed in blue , in a blue car , with a white handkerchief .
Two children are on a fairground ride .
A child in a blue sweater holds a pen in his mouth .
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show .
Two people on horses chasing cow in an arena .
A little girl is dressed in white shorts and a pink t-shirt on a swing .
A room of people eating food .
A woman in a spotted shirt sleeping on a bench .
A guy sitting with his arms crossed with a brunette on his left .
A man performs a trick on his mini-race car , with one leg flying out in the sky .
A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .
A woman with her hand in a large pot at an outside water well pump .
Two guys in red jackets are riding bikes next to two identical tan cars .
Two people hiking and a woman in a yellow shirt looking back at the camera .
Two small dogs in a cage .
A young man playing on the side of a snow covered road .
Several people make their plates , gathering food from a buffet .
Two cyclists on bikes riding towards camera with a group of people behind them facing the other way in line for something .
A woman is cutting another woman 's hair as she smiles at the camera .
A woman in a low cut shirt takes a picture with her cellphone .
A african american man with a gray shirt seasoning meat on a barbecue grill .
Two opposing teams play soccer in a field .
A child using an electric mixer in a bowl .
Girls are dancing and singing on stage .
two dogs playing with each other
Curly-haired little girl in a pink dress getting her barrett put in by a lady in a purple jacket .
Little boy on swing
A man in a black jacket is eating a pastry while standing next to two other men .
Two young men in sunglasses and white suits raise their arms and smile in a bar .
A man in a red sweatshirt and a hat is looking at his phone while another man in black walks closer to him down the sidewalk .
A group of Scottish officers doing a demonstration .
A girl in a red shirt applauding as other children play .
A brown dog in snow is biting at a piece of pink cloth .
The children are singing and holding their arms in the air .
A little girl is getting splashed by water .
a lady is carrying a lamp is walking with a man wearing a red shirt walking a dog .
A man looking at some kind of contraption while another man in the background watches .
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed .
A middle-aged man reads a newspaper on a train
A bicycle policewoman observing a hooded female in a public setting .
A young girl in a pink shirt , blue jeans , and sneakers talking into an object at a park .
A white dog runs through dried cattails in a snowy field .
Man dressed in black suit and tie reads a book while waiting on the subway .
A group of kids enjoy snacks and are playing a board game together .
A man and a woman in a shawl sit down in front of a body of water .
A marathon runner either starting or passing through a checkpoint at a fundraiser marathon .
The person in a sweater sits on wood , looking at the water .
People are riding bicycles in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .
People standing on a street .
An elderly man with a beard is standing in front a wall with a lot of graffiti .
A Croatian basketball player takes a foul shot during the Olympics .
A little girl jumping in excitement .
The kids in front of the building are playing with a bubble .
Three people waiting patiently for a train to catch .
Young black children playing and drinking from a cup .
Two men are testing a bed in a store and a child is watching a television screen .
A good-natured stunt is pulled on the blindfolded groom , as his new wife watches , amused .
a woman wearing a t-shirt that says Obama
A surfer rides the crashing waves while another follows behind .
The woman is splashing water out of a bucket .
An old man holds the leash of a white mule dragging a red cart .
Two young women standing outside a blue door , one smoking a cigarette .
A boy climbs an indoor rock climbing wall .
Two women jogging through a road by the waterside .
A lady with red-hair and a white jacket pauses to look at her shopping list in the milk section of a grocery store .
A street vendor pushes his stir-fry cart while carrying a jug of water , through a busy downtown area .
Graffiti with saying CRAZI with bright green and pink with women in a red skirt walking by .
A baseball player in white swings for the ball as the player in brown is waiting to intercept .
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building .
Girls are walking down a brick road .
An older woman models a large grill installation at a home center .
A couple of industrial construction workers appear to be trying to place something on a crane .
One man pitches to a waiting batter as they play in a parking lot .
Two women watching a parade .
A man in a red shirt holding a backpack .
A group of men , blind folded , walking down the street .
a toddler takes his first glimpse of the wonders of video games .
A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee .
There is a bicycle showdown as many bikers race in a paved road as the onlookers watch .
A man holds a sign seeking money .
Performing an illusion in a mall while people watch , completely clothed head-to-toe , one seated man elevates another seated man directly above him with nothing but a vertical pole between them .
A woman , in a black shirt , and a man , in a gray shirt , hanging out in a kitchen .
Young man shows his tongue piercing while a woman stands next to him
A black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background .
A man with a shocked expression on his face is holding a beaded necklace that is around a woman 's neck .
A man is inline skating in front of a wooden bench .
Two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence .
A woman in a blue dress reaches off-camera with a goblet in hand .
A man on rollerblades grinds a wall .
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow .
three people wearing mask sitting down
A woman wearing yellow and blue leaping backwards over a bar .
Lady taking a picture in the mirror while holding her gear .
Man with white undershirt and blue pants standing at fence with red top rail near a bridge .
A small dog running in grass .
Two Chicago Police are standing next to each other while looking down at a city street from a elevated white gilded cage .
Two children holding balloons and a woman are on a sidewalk with a car off to the side .
Three dogs racing madly around a racetrack .
Elementary school students watch an experiment in a large glass apparatus .
People walk on a metropolitan sidewalk in front of a bar and grill .
A woman in a black dress rinsing out a rag in a blue bucket .
A dark-skinned woman with a scarf on her head smiling with telephones hanging from the trees .
A man snowboarding down a mountain covered with snow .
A child going down a green slide .
A man running with a ball .
A man in a blue uniform tries to shoot a basket during a basketball game , while surrounded by three men in white uniforms , and as another blue-uniformed player looks on .
A man wearing an orange shirt and a purple scarf plays a blue and brass saxophone for a crowd .
two men are sitting down looking relaxed .
An elderly couple dancing in a restaurant while there grandson hides his face .
Three little boys play in a large snow covered field
A young Asian lady playing music .
A group of young Asians cooking on an outdoors barbecue in a park .
A young girl in a dress kneels at the shoes of a younger boy in a brown shirt .
four firefighters are spraying water through an outer wall of the building .
A woman wearing a blue jacket is standing outside next to a bicycle .
A woman prepares to throw a stick to a leaping dog .
A boy is holding a reptile with trees in the background .
Two men sitting and talking to each other .
A male in blue jeans and blue shirt working on some indoor seats .
Monk in sunglasses and red robe holding an umbrella .
A young child wearing a blue sweater is fiddling around with wires .
A black lab runs headlong into a lake surrounded by farmland .
A man flips another man while practicing karate .
three children ride three wheelers .
A woman in a skirt strolls past a man wearing a business suit .
The little boy is having a grand time at the water park .
A soccer team in neon colors get ready to play on the bright green field .
Young girl with her hair up playing with her parents computer .
A woman walking down a street .
Young boy staring excitedly at a leaf .
Man reads off of laptop while giving a presentation with a lighted advertisement sign behind him .
A little girl is riding her mountain bike while wearing a bright blue helmet and pink sunglasses .
Two males playing football on what looks like a gloomy day .
Several people on the subway reading the newspaper .
A woman in blue clothing smiling as people in the background walk by .
Five men sitting with a body of water behind them .
A group of young men playing basketball ; two members of the same team trying to block a player on the other team who has the ball .
A Chinese artist and scribe sets up his sign for display .
People gathered on a sidewalk listening to a man play an instrument .
A brunette man is taking a picture of a large group of people .
A european city street scene with trolley tracks on the roadway and a cathedral clock tower in the background .
An surfer airborne over a wave .
There is an audience watching a guy in a suit that is for scuba diving .
A man sitting alone on a bench .
A person is fishing off some rocks while seated on a yellow stool .
A man mixes two drinks in tall glasses .
A dog jumping for a tennis ball near an ocean
A young boy shows off his new guitar and cowboy hat .
Three business people walk down a busy street .
A group of people standing in front of a vendor 's booth .
A boy hangs upside down from a metal bar .
A white man splashes out of open water .
A woman in a black and white long-sleeve floral print dress with pink lipstick appears to be singing near a brick wall and an atm machine .
Two little girls play in a yellow inflatable house .
A middle eastern woman wearing a blue headscarf sits next to a boy in blue clothes .
A man is wearing an apron , standing in the kitchen holding a plate .
Woman wearing a gray hat peaking around a rock cliff hanging over an ocean short with rocks in the background .
Firefighters are taking parts of a car off .
A woman in a multi-color shirt is sitting on the floor working with a white product .
An orange building in front of a river with a bridge .
People watch a band featuring a singer in a captain 's hat .
The man is standing in the water with a yellow bucket .
A group of men , some with musical instruments , sit in chairs around the perimeter of a room .
Three men drinking coffee sitting at a conference table .
A man standing on a green post watching a train go by .
Two young boys eating red and blue popcycles .
6 women are standing in a rice paddy .
Snowboarder slides down a rail tricking over a blue Volkswagen Beatle .
Young boys wading in blue swim caps .
a young child being placed into a child swing by another adult
Man in black shirt with black guitar sings into a microphone surrounded by musical equipment .
An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field .
A little girl with a brown jacket and purple pants rolling a ball of snow .
Seven women sitting at a table eating .
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
Two men , one wearing a white hockey jersey and the other a red hockey jersey , playing hockey on an ice rink .
A group of people stand together in front a little white house .
A man is holding a Quiznos Sub sign .
An elderly gentleman riding a bike .
Women with red-hair wearing a blue Nike shirt .
Seven people jumping at the same time along a beach .
A crowd gathers at a train station .
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting , with an older man walking behind her .
a red-haired woman playing the violin
A woman in a pink shirt examines her camera .
Black and white dog running outside .
A nerdy young man saluting the flag with a drill in his hand and a hard hat on his head .
young girl and boy cross a rope bridge
A soccer goalie is diving to stop a shot by a player from the opposition while a ref and others are nearby .
Two men in camouflage pants are running past a parking lot .
A young blond woman sits outside and sketches .
Happy man grilling meat on his barbecue .
On stage , the innards of a piano are shown next to a man at a desk who is working on electronics , while a long-haired man is looking at a screen which shows " 53 :11 " .
A dark-haired man wearing a dark gray shirt and a light-haired man wearing a tan shirt are sitting in black office chairs in a dark gray room in front of a pale gray screen while they use a sound synthesizer .
Many cyclists ride past a group of onlookers .
The brightly dressed middle eastern women are conversing in the market .
An older , bearded man play a small metal whistle while holding an oboe in his arm on a city street in font of a store window .
Running faster than a speeding bullet and about to overtake the white sedan .
A man , wearing an English sporting jersey and blue shorts , holds a cane as he stands on a grassy field .
a motorcycle is parked next to the road with four people surrounding it .
women at an outdoor market use an umbrella for shade .
A group of people standing at a bus stop .
Children are riding a motorized vehicle .
what appears to be a group of men removing ice from a barrel .
Three people stand in front of a store window and smile .
A person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
A damaged red car with the back glass completely taped over and a smashed fender sits parked on a public street .
There are three dogs running in the grass with trees behind them .
Two young boys with playground equipment
A person in a pink shirt carries a large bamboo framed screen .
Man riding a bicycle through town with a green backpack .
A cowboy wearing a baseball cap is on a horse in a rodeo corral preparing to throw the rope he is spinning over the young , small steer which he is chasing .
A large brown dog leans into the water from the grassy shore .
Two smiling people with drinks in their hands face each other for a picture .
Man standing next to a speeding train looking at his cellphone .
A person attempting a stunt using a snowboard and some wooden pallets while it is dark outside with snow on the ground .
A crowd covered in blood gathered on the street .
A lady in a kitchen is standing in front of the stove frying something in a frying pan .
A man is using a chisel to do wood work on a wooden pole .
A couple are dressed in costumes .
A boy in a striped shirt plays the trumpet .
An elderly man in a suit locks his bike .
Dog with head in snow .
A young child in a brown beanie and red clothing is posing next to a formed mound of snow .
A shirtless running man wearing neon yellow sports shorts makes a heart with his hands .
A man in a tan jacket is in a crosswalk carrying a bag in his right hand while taxis pass in the street .
Two boys run after a soccer ball during a game .
Woman lying face down on a matt in a yoga pose in her art studio with natural light from a nearby window shining in .
A brown dog begins to bit the leg of a farm animal in the grass .
An old woman in a computer chair , painting a picture with several people in it .
A woman in black puts her arm around another woman while their photo is taken .
A cricketer wielding a bat wears a white suit and black helmet with a face guard .
A young boy jumps from one black chair to another .
A man in a black hat and plaid shirt sells hats on the street .
Four men paddling down a tree lined river .
A young lady in a dress with a doctor pressing a stethoscope to her chest .
A large group of people , led by a man in a white tank shirt and blue shorts , have numbers pinned on their clothing and are running in a race .
A pitcher on the Minnesota Twins throws a pitch .
A woman in an orange dress riding a bike through the city .
One mountaineer is kneeling on the ground next to another mountaineer who is standing .
A man sitting outside on the grass near a field and a nice tree .
Two people sit in shadow in the open back of a vehicle followed by another vehicle .
A frisbee is being thrown to the girl while the other girl appears to be asking for it .
A woman in a brick building waving out of a window .
An older man in a tank shirt is looking towards something , and scratching his head .
Two people are sitting near a tree and relaxing .
A boy with dreads hangs in the air as he does a kick flip on his skateboard outside .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .
An African family stands in the middle of a group of hay huts with plastic overlays .
A man standing in front of merchandise and statues with his back to the camera .
A young boy in a red shirt and orange pants rides a bicycle supporting several American flags .
Two elderly women , one with a dog sitting on a bench , watching a man skateboard down a railing .
A girl dancing with four boys watching .
A group of people hanging out on a backyard deck .
A older gentleman working on a road bicycle while talking to a younger gentleman .
A man spinning on his head on a city sidewalk near a checkerboard mat .
A man surfing in a blue watered ocean along a rock lined beach .
Three young adults building a large sand castle at the beach .
A black dog is swimming through the water .
Two girls sitting in class .
Some girls dance while waving gauzey fabric .
A child holds sparklers in the dark .
The man is fishing at the water 's edge .
One man shaves while another watches .
A man is walking down the street holding up a picture .
A man gives the peace sign while barbecuing chicken outdoors .
A baby wearing a white shirt is crawling on the ground next to a table .
A person carrying a child piggyback style on a beach chasing a frisbee rolling toward the water .
There is a cafe on a street corner with an oval painting on the corner of its building .
Two kids are rolling around a pool in big plastic balls
A small crowd sits in camping chairs in the midst of railroad cars .
A man in midair on a skateboard .
A girl with a white shirt , sunglasses , and a lei standing behind a table with items on top of it , with a few people in front said table .
An Asian woman is comforting a crying child in a hair salon .
A young girl picks up a hose .
A young man reads a book in bed .
A female soccer player ready to score a goal during a game .
A man with a red bag rides his bike down a damp city street in front of a building covered in scaffolding .
Two people are riding horses .
An elderly woman feeding a man a piece of cake .
A man a woman doing a jumping high-five
A man in a gray shirt is giving a speech .
A woman with a pink shirt walks down the street .
The coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members .
Group of pigeons flying in the air .
These are tourists at the Olympics in China .
Three people playing with a red ball in a large sandy area with a tree in the background .
A young boy is putting on jeans .
Runners competing in a marathon .
A man with slicked back hair and black coat plays a recorder .
woman squatting over a bag filled with some sort of round green vegetable .
A woman carrying a white bag with a red star walking on the sidewalk .
A shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses with a man in white shirt and sunglasses .
A man is walking three small dogs past a whimsical mural .
A group of cheerleaders take center court in the gym and perform .
Two people wearing snow gear are hiking on a glacier .
Two women in baseball caps stand while facing each other in a crowded auditorium .
The dog is running through a tunnel
White-haired man in black hat and coat sitting against brick wall .
There are children and adults from an Asian culture , and two of the adults are wearing clown noses and are standing on either side of a young boy , while one of the adults has a pink tube in his hand and is pointing at the pink tube in the young man 's hand .
Five men working in a kitchen .
A woman in a sparkly , blue bodysuit gracefully leans backwards while extending her arm upwards and elongating her neck .
A group of children play in the street where water is sprayed .
A baby is hold an adults fingers on the beach .
A group of cheerleaders in warm-up suits posing for photo .
People sitting and using their electronic devices .
A man playing keyboard with a rock band .
Newlyweds walking down a dock .
A woman standing outside a store is trying to close her umbrella .
A man in a blue shirt is cutting metal .
An old women with a cane sitting in her rocking chair .
Many people sit or stand around the fountain near the Space Needle .
People enjoying a nice game of bowling .
Three young men with lacrosse sticks are chasing the ball .
Soccer players standing on a green field .
A man in a black shirt is holding a piece of corn over something .
A man holds a white cloth in the air while riding a bucking brown horse
A class of art students drawing .
Basketball player tries to get around a defender , in red .
A woman jogs down the rode near a rocky shore .
Four people with hats are relaxing at the coast .
Three little boys with nets looking for bugs to catch .
Several people sitting in front a an orange contraption , one of them wearing a purple cap .
A woman dancer in a black tutu and nude hose dances with her arms over her head in front of a darkly painted background with dried leaves on the floor .
A smiling dark-skinned young man sits on a stool at his outdoor workbench and makes a hand gesture of " two-thumbs-up " .
A man and a woman speaking into a microphone are on a stage .
San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium .
A little boy in a blue soccer uniform walks , approaching a team member from the opposite team .
Four guys sitting around a table with two candles and glasses full of beer .
A man drinking out of a glass bottle .
Four people are walking on a bridge .
A woman swings a racquet over her head as another woman with a racquet watches in the background near a wooded area .
Soldiers in gray and blue march down a wet sidewalk in front of a McDonald 's restaurant .
A man with a hat on is walking through the water while holding on to a rope that is tied to something .
An orchestra is performing for a crowd of people .
A group of three women and three men sit and stand near a white fence looking at something in the distance .
Two women are talking each on a cellphone while walking
Huge turtle kills man underwater .
a dark-haired man wearing a green shirt and paper hat hugs a boy wearing a blue shirt and paper hat while a woman wearing a flowered shirt and paper hat smiles .
A man wearing a button-up shirt plays a flute while carrying a bottle and a large stick with many flutes on one end .
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony .
A woman wearing a red hat and black coat .
The dogs play in the snow .
Three bikes riding on a trail during motocross run .
Child wearing a Green Bay coat carrying a red sled behind a child in a green and black coat .
a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field
young man showing his small child how to write .
Three women rest at a table with blue napkins and pitchers of water .
A child plays in a pool while wearing orange floaties .
A Spanish male in an orange and green striped shirt dancing .
Two men dance together while a crowd cheers them on .
A lady in a red shirt and white pants is standing on a trashcan trying to take pictures .
Two men are racing and they are neck and neck .
Man in a gas mask completes a painting outside a wall .
A person walks on a snowy sidewalk , lit by street lamps , at night .
A man putting together a wooden chair .
A hiker is walking in the snow with a snow covered mountain behind them .
The woman is holding a child and posing for a picture .
A street musician in a red jacket and sweatpants plays guitar while pedestrians walk past .
A blond , bearded man holds the hand of a woman with pink hair among the crowd at a concert .
There is a lady in a blue top and black pants doing exercise with two other women .
A man jumping near rocks and a body of water .
A man plays tennis .
A man in a yellow jacket works with a film camera .
A man sitting near piles of produce peeling a vegetable .
Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera .
A male construction worker hammers a nail .
Two men are touching hands while holding guitars on stage .
A dark guy climbing a tree to get some coconuts down .
Dogs playing on the dirt path .
A woman wearing a red skirt is walking beside a stone wall .
A small group of people are at a rollerskating rink .
A man has a pink ribbon around his arm .
Little girl in a pink Hello Kitty shirt is jumping .
A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it .
Older couple is covered in shadows by a bridge .
Four females wearing helments are riding on an ATV .
Several people are standing at a bus stop .
A white dog is leaping over a tree stump .
Two people talk next to a flag with an eye illustration .
An older man in a white sweater talks on a cellphone .
A person is swimming underwater in a pool .
Man riding a red scooter passes a group of school children on a run down street .
Construction workers manipulate a crane on the street .
Three women and men selling their items in a cold winter day .
A woman with a multicolored umbrella takes a picture on a road surrounded by trees .
Two kids are running on the beach .
Eight people sitting down at a table indoors for refreshments .
A baby is sitting on and playing with smooth rocks .
Blond boy touching wooden wall .
Several people are outside of a fruit market on a hot day .
A man tossing a Frisbee to his dog that leaps to catch it .
An old woman with a white greyhound is standing on the sidewalk .
A man rides a bull in a rodeo .
Two fencers in white suits and black masks compete in a gymnasium setting .
A police officer is overlooking the road race participants .
A girls wearing jeans and a pink shirt runs .
A row of old fashion wagons being pulled by cattle .
A young man rides a wakeboard .
A young woman , with red-hair , is reading , while eating a potato chip .
A little boy is standing in the snow .
A male bicycle racer in a blue , yellow and white bicycle uniform and matching helmet , sponsored by telenet is riding in a race .
Two female volleyball teams are competing in a volleyball game with spectators in the background .
A boy and girl are jumping rope together while another girl is holding the rope and turning .
A group of village women gathered in dance
A young girl and a woman ride a carousel .
Two men playing volleyball
An red-haired older woman , holding a younger girl 's hand , looks at the camera .
An older person , sex indeterminate , visits with two spotted rabbits in a large cage .
Woman in a pink bikini leaping on the beach on a clear day while two children play by the water .
A man in a bright green jacket is talking with two woman who are standing near something red that is covered in newspapers .
A boy is riding his bike over a ramp at a park .
At a outdoor stage , a woman in a black shirt has her arm around a man in a brown hat .
An older man with blue goggles on his head standing in near a group of other people wearing swimming gear .
An older woman poses with a calendar in front of a memorial .
Four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man 's swim trunks .
A boy is riding a dolly passed two 1950s cars .
A man in a suit talks to a woman in a black dress .
A group of women dressed in black playing musical instruments in front of a large building .
A man is standing outside wearing a cape .
A white dog with black patches runs jumps through a spray from a hose into a blue plastic wading pool .
A girl with goggles on in a pool
A woman in blue jeans and a tan jacket talks on a cellphone on the upper floor of a metro station .
A boy kissing a girl on the cheek !
A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium .
A man looks down at glass ornaments .
A man scoops out ice cream for a female customer in a cafe .
An adult man in military fatigues is letting a young blond boy wearing a helmet and vest hold onto his gun .
A man and lady standing on a seesaw at a park .
A woman in a black stocking hat and black leather jacket , talking to a man with a beard in a black fleece jacket .
The back of a woman wearing blue jeans , black boots , and a blue and black shirt .
Several little girls dressed up in costume to entertain their friends and families .
One person in short black hair wearing a purple scarf , is talking to a man that is sitting , wearing glasses and is staring at her .
Three men standing in front of a mountain peak .
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence .
A person in a swimsuit is diving off a building .
Two adults and a small girl walk along an ocean boardwalk .
a man stares at bricks .
A woman watches a band play on stage .
Two men appear at soccer match as one man holds a yellow flag .
A woman in a black and white dress conducting a choir .
Police motorcycle waiting at a red light .
The street lamp is the focal point , but there is a person bent down directly behind the lamp .
A girl has her head in a wooden cut out of a pirate ship while people throw tomatos .
Orchestra is playing in the background while we see the back of a cameraman in the foreground holding a video camera on his shoulder .
A fisherman is inside of a boat rowing while a bird is perched on the front of his boat .
An old man with a cane walks through a green pasture on a sunny day against a blue sky .
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A man on a city street painting a cafe in the background .
A gentleman is standing under a tent in front of bowls of some kind of soup .
A couple hurrying past an urban ice skating park .
An old man rests his arms on playground equipment while a young boy plays in the background .
A man sits outside on a lawn chair using a hammer and chisel to shape a piece of wood .
A person with a backpack is walking on a cobblestone path .
These people are gathered together for a meeting .
A pretty red-haired woman with a chest tattoo passes by the window of a shop wearing and the reflection shows her pretty coordinated dress and jacket .
Two girls are kneeling on the ground .
A horse and a baby horse are in a ring with a man , wearing a cowboy hat , on the ground .
Three people working together in a compact space .
Several children are outdoors getting ready to play tug-of-war .
A woman is rollerblading in a skimpy uniform .
A little girl with brown hair , jeans , and a white polka dot shirt , hangs upside down on a swing in her backyard .
A woman is serving a dish to another woman in a red and white dress .
A man in a gray hooded sweatshirt is pulling a rope trying to maneuver a crane .
An old man is biking in the street .
The two men are playing chess in the park .
A group of happy young men and women hold flags with Chinese writing on them .
A guy on his bike doing a truck on a rocky beach .
Three mounted police stand in the middle of a street .
An Asian lady is selling baskets at the market
A woman is looking into a mirror , brushing her hair .
A man in wearing a mask and black leather is sitting on a motorcycle on the street .
Two young chefs posed with platters of modern cuisines with the kitchen in the background .
A dune buggy going down a sandy hill .
Male and female playing game with beanbags .
A little blond girl in a pink and green top is enjoying an ice cream cone .
A woman and child are looking at each other .
Walking and talking and turning trees to mulch .
A woman tastes a watermelon at an outdoor market .
Five people staring in the same direction , two of whom are wearing face masks .
Some people walk between some walls with graffiti on them .
Two older women sit on a park bench at the park .
A man with long hair and a mustache sits on a milk crate and plays the guitar .
A man is driving a motorcycle on a tightrope while two performers are doing tricks hanging off the motorcycle .
A white and blue car is on the street .
A child in a red sweatshirt , jeans , and black bike helmet and a dog pose for a picture outdoors .
A dog is standing on its hind legs underneath a fountain while a man in a black shirt and vest looks on .
Kids walking on the street , one blond girl wearing a white outfit drinking from a straw , one brown-haired girl in white shorts and dark top , turned around , holding her cellphone .
A brunette woman in glasses and a white tank top paints a wall green .
A woman wearing a hat , boots and leopard striped pants is sitting on a bench next to her purse .
A man holding the hand of another man who has a tattoo on his arm .
A man holds a small girl .
A snowboarder doing a handstand .
Two dogs run through the water near a beach , with land on the horizon .
A man is sitting on a blue machine of some kind , on the side of the road .
a woman modeling outside on front of a crowd wearing a black and blue bikini , a pink robe with hearts , and dark purple high heel shoes .
A young man jumps in the air on a skateboard .
a man in a black jacket talking into a microphone .
A tattooed woman taking a picture with a digital camera .
A little Asian girl holds two trophies .
A dancer in costumer performs on stage while a man watches .
An all-female band plays drums and guitar on a stage , in front of a banner reading " Screaming Orphans . "
A busy street filled with people and motorcycles parked up down the street and a man taking off his helmet .
A girl in a purple and white swimsuit is sitting on the side of a pool , while a girl in goggles is holding onto the side of the pool .
A young women , that looks like a prostitute , is sitting on a bicycle .
Men in white and flame robes walk carrying a huge torch .
An Indian woman poses for the camera in her bright clothing .
A group of women dressed as characters from star treck .
two Asian women walking in front of a green door
A man in an orange sweater and dark pants lies on a white wall next to a lamp post .
A lady stands on the street , surrounded by school children .
Two men holding an oversized check from Bollywood Dreams for Unicef and smiling .
A woman with brown curly hair riding on some sort of public transportation .
Two dogs bite each others faces inside of a house .
A person walking on a path while using a cane .
A dog runs through a field .
Four young guys jumping down a stairway .
Two young men , one in a white jersey and one in a red jersey , playing basketball .
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket .
The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon .
Three people hiking on a path with a forest ahead of them .
People dancing to music at a concert .
On a tennis court , a man jumps to hit a tennis ball with his racket .
A man in camouflage is peering into a telescope .
A tan and white dog runs through water .
Two men sit on the sidewalk with shopping carts filled with their belongings .
A young blond woman applies lipstick in front of a mirror in a home .
A guy and a girl in jeans dancing with old women in the background watching .
Men in orange suits are working on train tracks .
two children in a poor village pose on camera while a group of them is paying attention to something .
a big tan dog running threw the shallow water with a stick in his mouth .
A child wearing pink penguin pajamas is standing on a step stool in front of a kitchen counter , using a cut to cut rounds out of a sheet of dough .
A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment .
Two people in costumes are riding a bike .
A man wearing a khaki uniform with an inspector 's patch on the sleeve wears a green vest and a wide-brimmed khaki hat , while pointing at a car parked on a bridge over a body of water .
Two young woman hug and pose together for a picture .
People are bustling about on a crowded cobblestone road .
A female dressed in red plays an odd looking stringed instrument .
A female runner with the number 3443 pinned to her chest runs down a street .
Three adults at work .
A brown and black dog carries a precariously long stick in his mouth in the wooded area .
A young man wearing red shorts and a red and white sleeveless shirt holds a stick as a woman passes behind him .
A man wearing gray pants , a gray suit jacket , glasses , and a gray top hat is standing to the left of an open door with a gold handle .
An Asian lady weaves beautiful fabrics together outside her storefront selling her pre-made pieces .
A motocross rider does a jump in the woods .
A man in a business suit screaming at the camera .
A group of people playing soccer in a less developed part of town .
A woman in a red shirt sitting in the grass feeding rabbits .
Two people walking together beside a yellow building .
A young couple stands together outside a statue .
Two children are patriotic in their red , white and blue decorated wagon going through a parade .
A bearded man sits against a wall and plays the flute .
A man is smiling whilst sitting inside a red racing car .
A man in blue dress walks near a pond .
A boy in a Mets jersey poses on his bike .
A shop keeper minds her open air stall in a market .
A girl drinking from a cup and enjoying the dolphin .
A group of people of different ethnicities are entering , exiting , and walking past a brick building .
Three girls wearing jackets running outside .
A toddler plays contently in the dirt .
A dozen people at a house party in a living room decorated with a British flag .
A man is on a casual bike ride during the day into town .
A man sitting on a rail next to his juicing table and some fruit .
Two people row a boat .
A skier splits his or her legs while flying throught the air over a ski hill .
A little girl finds joy in playing in a big , sloppy area of mud !
A boy in red is pointing to a red tulip .
Two men are riding bikes on a trail in the woods , one of the men is midair .
Men dressed in red and white are standing on one another 's shoulders , creating a 3 story human tower .
Man sitting playing guitar .
Two women in animal print costumes playing the drums .
A man with a purple patterned shirt and jeans is sitting on a brown recliner .
A young girl dancing Brazilian music Samba after Brazil soccer national team had won the Fifa World Cup .
A young couple are caught in the middle of a kiss while standing at the edge of a stream with an expansive green field on the other side .
Man in white tank top holding drumsticks and sitting in front of a drum set with a psychedelic poster behind him .
A child , sitting at a table , holds a sandwich in her hands and is crying .
A woman wearing pink and black selling clothing on the street .
A man and a woman tak outside of a coffee house .
A woman on the subway looking out the window .
A man walks along a crowded beach searching for items with a metal detector .
A dog standing near snow looking at water .
A man , woman , and child sit and eat food outdoors .
A woman in sunglasses standing beside a man in sunglasses sitting on a rock .
Three women offer bags of food to a man in a blue hoodie who takes it from them into the truck .
A man is standing in a field with two dogs .
Two guys standing on a soccer field , one is drinking something from a water bottle and talking to each other .
A woman dressed in dark colors pushing someone in a wheelchair .
Two young children running towards the camera in a poverty stricken dirt covered area .
Two young blond women , wearing both gloves and headgear , fight in a boxing ring .
A man stands on a ladder while in a construction zone .
A young man doing a skateboard jump over concrete .
A young girl is swinging with her arms outstretched .
A man is standing on rocks , which are inscribed with the phrase , " life is short " on the side .
Shirtless construction worker builds interior of home .
Two people , one wearing a blue suit and the other one wearing orange is sitting in an audience .
A red airplane is flying by a large ship .
A man with a cap is standing inside a red truck with the window open .
A woman and a child bikes through a flooded path .
A rodeo cowboy , wearing a cowboy hat , is being thrown off of a wild white horse .
A person in an orange shirt reaching up .
A young woman in green shorts and a bikini top dances in the sand .
A male is breakdancing in front of an audience .
A man with a white hard hat is showing hand signs on the roof .
A man in a green t-shirt and jeans is talking on a cellphone next to some heavy equipment .
Both young men are in a push and pull situation with the food cart .
A girl in a green dress plays with a Hello Kitty balloon .
A female lacrosse player jumps up .
Two older men are sitting on a bench having a conversation .
The young girl happily plays in the tree .
a wrestler jumps over the ropes .
A crowded street corner in an oriental country .
A middle-aged white male is riding a bicycle across a grassy trail with an intense look on his face .
A curly-haired redhead is wearing a blue checkered hat , a black long-sleeve shirt , and blue jeans while holding a red jacket as she speaks to her friends standing behind her .
People walking down a ramp in an underground tunnel .
Greyhounds jumping out of the gate at a race .
A smiling woman is standing behind a celebration table for a bridal or baby shower .
A woman is smiling at the bearded man sitting in the lawn chair next to her .
Three children running down a sidewalk next to a river .
Two men Nordic ski racing while others watch from behind .
People laughing while at a restaurant .
A well dressed man speaks into a microphone at a Tech Summit .
A man and a woman ride bikes next to each other on a road made of bricks .
a man wearing a yellow sweater playing with a black dog in a grassy field
A group of older Asian men look on , one blurry in the foreground .
A man and woman pose for the camera while another man looks on .
Two people waiting for a taxi on the side of the road in New York .
A woman sits and reads on the front stoop of her building .
Law Enforcement looks down the sight of a rifle in Thailand .
Two children playing in a swimming pool .
Two young men and a woman are washing dishes in the kitchen .
People are shopping at a busy fruit market .
A man with a black shirt is repairing a laptop .
Someone has fallen while running one after the other .
A woman in a purple shirt and a brown puppy sit near a fountain
A child sleds over a mound of snow as others watch him .
Two men viewing a passing cruise ship .
Three men are headed into a building on their way back to work .
Two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore
Asian market where women are selling various meats .
In a fenced yard with a white house in the background , a white dog jumps in the air beside a brown dog .
A bicyclist is performing a midair stunt .
Asian man walking in a muddy stream pushing a wooden tool .
A crowd of young people sit on the grass .
A man in shorts , a gray t-shirt and backwards baseball cap reclines in front of a campfire as a young boy in blue and small girl in pink sit eating nearby .
Woman laughing as she is being licked by a brown dog .
A dog looks out over green grass and flowers .
A man sitting on a boat being watched by police officers .
A dog wears an embellished bow while laying on a couch in the sunlight .
A man is sitting atop a mountain and looking down over a green valley .
A small , white dog is in the kitchen jumping in front of the counter .
four people standing and two women holding microphones .
A group of older men and women sit attentively listening in metal folding chairs .
Several children and their two black dogs on a hill .
A dog chases a smaller dog .
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cellphone with other people in the background .
A dog is running through an obstacle course in front of a group of people .
A mother happily pulling her baby in the snow with a sled .
A little girl in a long red skirt is hula hooping with four brightly colored hula hoops .
A man in a red and black checked shirt and gray pants jumping into a lake .
A man walking with his child through a train station .
A dog is running while catching a tennis ball in its mouth .
Black dog catching Frisbee at the park .
a skateboarder does manuals on a bench .
A couple dances at a disco .
A group of children dressed in blue are standing outside .
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair .
children in orange and neon green play soccer as their coach watches .
A group of young volleyball players celebrate on the court .
The woman in the blue shirt sits on a bench in a museum as others pass her by .
Girl works on design for school .
Two bikers race uphill .
Three women and one man are standing in shoulder high water while a lot of steam blows off the surface of the water in the background .
A boy runs across the desert .
A man and a woman get dressed in a messy bedroom .
A man and a woman are making salads .
Man in scrubs yawns next to a medical device .
A woman is standing near a kitchen sink and loading a dishwasher .
There is a kid jumping off a diving board into a pool .
A huge building with people in front of it .
A black and white dog in midair over a hurdle .
two women at a function talking
Dog on grass , running for red ball .
A woman is asleep in a subway car .
A man holds a stick above a jumping dog .
A middle-aged man is holding an acoustic guitar while a man wearing a hat is holding an electric bass .
Two men sit on top of a weathered fort-like structure next to the sea , fishing .
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field .
A girl in a black shirt is sitting under some trees having a drink .
a young man trying to kick his opponent in the head
Average , everyday people walk by a facility .
A child wearing swim goggles .
A man talks on his mobile phone while pumping gas at a gas station .
A man stands near garbage and a spray painted drawing .
A woman and Man walking in white shirts and black bottoms on their way to work
A girl sits on the side of a large mountain with one leg hanging off .
Many bikers are at the intersection with traffic .
A young man navigates a sloped wall with inline skates .
A man and a woman teaching in front of kids who were sitting on the floor as kids raise their hands .
Long-haired man napping on a park bench .
Two little girls share a coloring book and crayons while sitting together at the table .
A motor-cross cyclist , dressed in full racing gear , is speeding over the top of a sand dune .
An older lady teacher talking to young students who are in uniform in front of the classroom building .
Two girls are on a fair ride that is forcing them to be smashed together .
A girl is dressed in pink and laying on her side .
A young man plays the piano and sings in a concert .
Many children in loincloths and two older men are sitting in the shade .
Several construction workers are standing at a construction site .
A modest popcorn cart with the Spanish text " El Rey de las Palomitas " and a yellow umbrella is attended by a woman at night in a city scene .
A man in a red shirt is standing with two fitls in front of an old structure .
Two men , one in a black coat , have a conversation in front of a building .
A small child playing with a toy oven in a mock kitchen at home .
A group of people with painted faces are wearing costumes and are gathered together in front of an archway .
Three people stand along a main road .
Construction workers dressed in safety vests and hard hats inspect their work .
Two men looking at a purple bike .
A person in black shorts , while shirt and white hat , smiles in a crowd as she holds her bike .
A golden haired dog is turning direction through low straw grass .
person on snowboard in air
Two hockey players and a referee are close together as the referee prepares to drop the puck on the ice .
A man on a red ladder works on a brick wall that has a black-and-white advertising logo painted on it .
Street vendors all over in a asian market .
Two teenage boys are leaping into a swimming pool .
A man in an orange construction vest walks in a parade with a child atop his shoulders , carry balloons .
A man in a blue shirt is spinning a clay bowl .
A man in a cowboy hat is singing and playing a guitar .
A shirtless man is trying to fit his arms through a toilet set .
One lady calmly doing some form of relaxation exercise outdoors .
Four women dressed in white midriff displaying outfits flap a white sheet in the air .
A male surfer felling off of his surfboard on top of a small wave
This little girl is making a face to show that she is unhappy .
A construction worker welds on-site .
A woman in heels carrying a bag and a man with a black hat rolling a bag on a wet tarmac .
A young man with dreadlocks jumps high in the air near a wall .
A woman sitting on a stone bench next to many bikes .
Costumed entertainers taking a break .
Two men wearing white shirts and ties are having drinks .
A dog carries a very big stick through the water .
A carver bent over a statue holding a chisel and a carving hammer of sorts , wearing a black work shirt and safety goggles .
Person in silhouette takes a picture of a large clock .
A girl jumping over a red punch bag .
This person is pointing at something .
a brown and white dog jumping on a sandy beach
There is a man fly fishing in a river with trees behind him .
A man with black and gray hear with glasses lies down next to a young boy while both are smiling at each other .
A woman stands behind an ornate arched window , with decorative gold objects hanging on the wall behind her .
A dog in mid-flight catches an orange and blue ball in a field of dead grass .
A young child holding hands with a woman and the walk past a wall with the number 93 painted on it .
A group of adults and children in scout uniforms , some carrying English flags , gathers at a public event .
a ballerina in an empty worn room standing on 1 foot with her arm and other leg in the air
A man in a suit and red tie gestures with his hands .
A man getting help with fitness from a physical trainer in a gym .
An elderly man in blue is standing in front of a large marble urn on a brown pedestal .
A woman with a gray shirt and pink backpack holding a small child and a young man standing beside her .
Two young males , one in a black t-shirt and the other in a gray t-shirt , are playing kickball in a lake .
A woman with a white jacket , leggings and blue boots walks down the street while talking on her cellphone .
A woman is happy to be petting her german shepard .
A man on a high unicycle , performs for a crowd in the street .
A group of uniformed children gathered in a courtyard .
Man laying on ground on a busy street .
Children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other 's backs , forming a train .
A man too old to be skateboarding is grabbing a board in air doing a SWEET trick .
A man sitting down talking on a cellphone .
A man and his girl are crossing the street .
The group of children are looking at a statue .
A woman is helping a child build using toys .
Players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game .
a group of old men walking down the street
Fans are cheering at a performance .
A couple is playing outside in a park , one a man on a guitar and the other a lady on a violin .
Two basketball players , one from GSU , are on a basketball court in the SWAC Tournament .
Two middle eastern looking men are waking down the sidewalk together on a busy day in the city .
Guy in jeans doing a manual on an old planter in California .
The football players in red are attempting a play against those in purple , white , and gold .
A bunch of people sitting outside around a body of water .
A street artist sits on his chair post by the sidewalk , sketching a new drawing of a picture .
A husky dog is tied to a pole while a small white and brown down sniffs it and a tiny brown dog stands on the white dog 's hind end .
guys in a hair salon one guy holding up one finger .
A man stands on the shore of a beach .
A man with a beard is holding a purple wildflower .
a kid playing in the playground
A woman in a red top smokes a cigarette while a woman in a brown top stands nearby .
A man and woman are sitting at a table with a Jenga game in front of them and a few beer bottles .
A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street .
A woman walking in a large marble made hall with a jacket , jeans , boots , and a bag , with a few people behind walking in different directions behind her .
A little boy in a blue hat and black bathing suit is staring at the ocean .
A market with fruit and blankets hanging from roof that is blue and white colored .
A woman working at a laptop referencing documents in a binder on her lap .
A skier in blue pants and red snow goggles heads backwards down the slope .
A woman is hugging a man 's arm .
A boy skateboarding down a steep incline .
one large brown dog running along side a black and white dog .
a lady wearing a black dress carrying a white cross
A dog walks on a path surrounded by trees .
A woman in black clothes walks down a busy sidewalk with a child .
A man takes a break from his bike ride to sit and view the harbor before him .
An asian woman is eating some sort of meat on a stick .
A young gymnast in white poses while a red ball is suspended beside her .
A man holding a little girl on his shoulders .
Men play soccer on a muddy field .
A child wearing a helmet and dirt bike gear rides a dirt bike over a dirt hill .
a guy in a suit is talking a man sitting on a bench
Adults and children dressed for cold weather in a road race .
A music group performs while dressed up .
A dog is jumping through a red hoop
A woman in a blue tennis outfit completes a swing .
Rafting boat on river .
A white dog runs through a field .
These people look like they are playing some kind of game at the park .
A young girl wearing jeans and a white shirt is standing on grass holding dandelions in her hands .
A person sitting atop a sandy mountainside staring into waterfalls .
A man wearing blue is walking off of a field .
A girl is sitting down while looking at something .
A young woman playing a cello .
A man grinding the lip of a pool on his Rollerblades .
two people eating with an onlooking greyhound dog .
People look upon a monument where a speed is being given .
A group of people standing on a sidewalk under some trees .
Three people are viewing an art exhibit .
A group of people in an office contemplating .
A white dog is on a large rocky surface at a high elevation .
Three women and one man are having a friendly conversation in an office .
a boy cleans the bubbles off his face .
A man in a yellow jacket is floating on the river in a green kayak .
A couple play in the tide with their young son .
A lady standing on the corner using her phone .
A group of cyclists headed in one direction pedaling through a deserted town on an overcast day .
A man facing the entrance of a restaurant is taking a picture with a camera .
Two guys in blue jumpsuits sit on a boat with lots of equipment .
A man in the near distance is pointing to a silver sedan near him .
A group of black people are all in their bathing suits and are standing around fountains which are shooting water on them .
One of the three friends tried to describe what he saw using only his hands .
Two females are eating ice cream cones .
Two boys slide down a metal slide .
A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand .
The bikers came around the corner very fast and it was a tight race with the blue biker in the lead .
A man is riding a motorcycle and towing a trailer filled with stuff .
A lady and children looking out at a harbor .
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree .
three men riding bikes all in shorts the middle one has sunglasses riding in a race .
A dog playing in water .
A climber is attempting to climb around an overhang above the woods .
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow .
Two children wearing hats hang onto to bamboo trees .
A lady wearing pots and pans is talking to other people .
Man in overalls , plaid shirt and ball cap holding the harness on one of two horses that are facing away from the camera .
A group of people looking at books in a library .
Five people pose for a picture in a gym .
A man is seated near another man that is standing on the sidewalk .
A man in a white shirt smiles as he sells his street food .
A man in a US Army uniform looks through a microscope as a scientist in a lab coat looks over his shoulder .
There is a biker riding their bike at night through the streets .
a street with a crowd of people
A bride and her bridesmaids are lined up outside looking at a man coming dressed in a dark suit .
A guy going off a ramp on a skateboard .
A bunch of people with umbrellas walking outside of a farmers market .
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch .
A little girl with her hair flying up in the air on an air-filled toy .
A man wearing a white T-shirt and blue overalls is walking down the street .
Two women on bicycles kiss each other .
Man in a purple shirt teeing off .
Two dogs are playing with a toy outdoors .
Physically challenged men in wheelchairs engaging in a sporting event .
Man in blue suit fixing train .
A man sits at a table in front of a large mural .
Several hikers are hiking along a trail .
People are riding in a boat with oars .
A crowd of people are standing on a snow covered hill watching the sun go down .
Two women enjoying the open landscapes of a park .
A young boy wearing a green t-shirt is looking away from the photographer .
Two women resting while traveling .
A woman in a yellow skirt is dancing with a man in a white shirt , with another couple dancing in the background .
A man in a black cap is opening a bag beside a bicycle and a shopping cart .
A older man wearing a pink shirt and sunglasses sits , a woman behind him .
A child looking through a telescope on a playground .
There is a man standing in the doorway and in front of a tree .
A room full of children raise their hands , fingers extended , to the sky .
A man on his telephone outside .
A very proud looking chubby oriental man selling crops on the street with a cigarette on his lips .
Thousands of fans at an outdoors event wearing white and red T-shirts .
A professed " Naked Cowboy " protests outside of the Bank of America building .
A woman carrying a white ball is running behind a small boy .
A male snowboarder wearing orange and blue standing atop a blue table at a ski resort .
A little girl in a purple cap blows soap bubbles .
Two women in sunglasses enjoy food .
Workers getting ready to begin an evening shift in a nearby company 's complex in town
Pedestrians walk down a street with bags in hand .
An elderly man is shaving another elderly man with a straight razor
A young photographer positioning himself to take a picture .
Two girls are sleeping on a floor mat in an apartment or house .
A barefooted kid does a trick on his skateboard .
A young man wearing a white glove standing on the side of a road.An o
The two dogs are jumping around .
Four police officers are swallowed up by the large crowd of people on the street .
The lady wearing a red coat is giving a speech .
A cook is preparing food in a restaurant .
A man in an orange vest and hat is shoveling rocks while another man in a yellow and blue jacket looks on .
Man in blue robes stands between a cloud of brown smoke and a crowd taking photos .
A little girl on a kid swing .
A boy with a basketballs glowers at the camera .
A number of people are gathered in a plaza at the foot of the steps to a building .
a woman returns the tennis ball .
A man walking across a patch of grass in the middle of a street .
A man in a blue helmet rides a mountain bike .
a brown and black dog running through a river
A man in white wearing headphones walking down the sidewalk .
A young boy in a swimsuit and sandals is standing in a doorway .
A man in a gray shirt is pouring a drink into a flute .
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog .
a girl is sitting on a stoop with a bottle of water and a snack .
Two ice hockey players are reaching the puck , as a referee closely watches over them .
Two women stand at a microphone , and one has a guitar .
A crowd of people looking at two guys on motorcycles .
A man in swimming trunks running on the beach .
A man partially silhouetted on top of a large rock .
A man wearing a feathered hat is riding a gray horse .
Two women , one in a black hat and both in black shirts , and a girl in a blue hoodie look at a clock face .
A man in a black helmet driving a red ATV .
Two cars racing on a drag strip .
One young girl pushing a toy while her twin sister looks on .
A man is demonstrating something for a crowd .
An old man in a cabbie hat and sunglasses sits on a green park bench .
Two people riding a scooter at night in traffic .
Men in fluorescent green vest stand in a group .
A young woman reading the " boy scout handbook " in a cafeteria .
A person rides a snowmobile over the snow and does a stunt .
A woman stands in front of a pizzeria while traffic buzzes by her .
A teacher in a green shirt teaches a classroom of students .
Numerous people participating in a foot race or walk .
A young girl wearing white looks at the camera as she plays .
A number of people are sitting in blue chairs in a room , looking at computer screens while wearing earphones .
two dogs run across the woods .
A man with a piercing and a rainbow colored Mohawk is looking off-camera .
Cancer survivors race for a cure .
Three boys are outside playing with toy vehicles .
This man is working on his iron instrument .
Three young males are standing in front of a cross .
The black dog on the right is dominant over the other two dogs .
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest .
A boy with headphones on sitting on top of a woman 's shoulders .
A tennis player winning her first match .
A woman in a blue sweater , holding a camera , is jumping in a park .
A young blond girl in a blue bouncy house .
Two soccer players , one wearing red and one wearing white , are competing to kick a soccer ball across a soccer field .
A person in a boat floating on water , and two other people sitting in another boat .
Boy in orange sits with produce and waits for a buyer .
A group of opposing players are in the middle of a rugby game .
A matador shows his love and relationship with his bull .
A small group of people are at a party .
An extreme biker , wearing a red and white jacket , is flying through the air on a red bike .
Two guys from opposing soccer teams after a penalty kick .
A man stands upon his charcoal grill .
A woman in a blue helmet is at the front of a group of people in a roller derby .
A blond female dressed in a revealing outfit is throwing white shirts into the crowd with her brunette coworker several feet behind her .
There is two people riding in a cart being pulled by a man outside on the road .
A young Asian woman wearing modern clothing leans against a cast iron fence in front of a brick building .
A man is riding a horse that is jumping over an obstacle with an Olympic ring symbol on a sign in the background .
Two centers , one wearing white and the other yellow , face off in a National Hockey League game .
A girl playing in a puddle while wearing a pink coat
Wet black and white dog with black nose shaking off water .
A soccer goalie catching the ball as it tries to go into the goal .
A woman in a batman shirt walks down the boardwalk .
A man in a wetsuit divind out of a helicopter low over the ocean .
A group of people are outside looking upwards .
A dark-skinned woman in a yellow dress with a large plate of food on her head .
A group of people on a pier posing for a picture .
A 4-piece band whose lead singer plays bass play on a stage , presumably in New York .
A little asian girl in a yellow shirt and blue shirt standing in front of a little boy with a sleeveless shirt and shorts on .
An african american gets a haircut .
A dark-skinned woman in a denim jacket is writing something .
A group of men sitting outside listening to a conference or speaker .
A man in a blue shirt Is walking down a road with hundreds of sheep around him .
Five women inside a room while two are holding something in their hands while sitting and the other three are talking .
A young dark-haired girl in a pink and white swimsuit smiles as she lies in three inch deep water .
A shirtless man is doing work on a roof .
A boy in red swimming trunks is jumping into the pool .
The boy in the red top is following the girl in the colorful dress up a flight of stairs .
A person reads to a group of boys .
Two children are playing on a bicycle .
Man jumping over a creek while a woman watches .
Workers on a platform work together to carry an item with skyscrapers in the background .
The boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach .
They prepared to make the announcement .
Two people with guitars and one person with a cello play music and sing together in a white tent with a Canadian flag .
A policeman with a face mask and a bunch of schoolgirls in uniform at a bus station .
A group of young boys are playing soccer .
An Asian barber with a towel over his arm stands behind an empty barber shop chair .
A man with a beard carrying chopped wood .
A black dog running through water .
A group of people are walking up a street in the winter toward a man who is seated and holding a cup .
A snowboarder jumps over a shed which is almost covered with snow
A group stands in the distance while the sky casts interesting light on some clouds .
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event .
There are several people going up the escalator .
A bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net .
A man in a black suit with a white bowtie standing in the middle of a crowded room .
The little boy in a yellow life jacket and goggles jumps into the pool .
One man using a microphone , another with a guitar .
The group is watch a cartoon on a small electric device .
A man in a green protective apron is using a weed-eater .
Small asian man in shorts with a really huge saw cutting wood .
Kids outside in winter clothes handling a telescope .
People march in costumes with makeup on their faces .
Religious leader is being escorted to his thrown .
A woman and girl pose together in a garden .
An older man repairing a bike tire in a grassy park .
A person in the air holding on to a bicycle .
A crowd looks on as a band plays music on a stage .
People are viewing advertisements in an urban area .
There is something visible through the hole in the wall .
A couple walking toward a planter of beautiful flowers .
A man , dressed in a red , white , and blue uniform , is jumping backwards over a yellow and red pole .
Women cleaning store windows .
A man dressed in green with a blue backpack takes photos while sitting on a rocky surface .
Three women in dresses are on a stage , leaning back on one leg with a curtain behind them .
White dog running through a field of yellow flowers .
Two men are racing on bicycles .
A white women works with pottery .
A worker is holding a tool .
A group of six men gathered around a truck with dollies .
A black man in a suit and tie sitting behind a drum set with sheet music in front of it .
Students are in a classroom , reading something off a paper .
A girl drawing with colored pencils and crayons .
A woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone .
A person sitting on a bag on the sidewalk .
A man in a jacket is raising his arm surrounded by people who are bent or squatting .
A person wearing a red coat snowboards down a snowy hill .
A man is walking in a field carrying a stick .
A girl is blowing a huge bubble .
A small boy rides a wooden toy and smiles .
A woman throwing a white trash-bag into a dumpster in front of a car .
Asian students have fun in a classroom .
A guy and girl waling with their instruments and speakers .
A young woman is dressed in medieval attire and is holding an axe while leaning on a tree .
A man drilling a hole into a pumpkin .
A small child hangs upside down from the back of an adult .
He is waiting for people to come forward to do the on the spot painting .
girls sitting with their hands on their laps
The man in the green shirt is running on the field .
A dog running on the sand .
The basketball teams are getting ready for a game .
A man is fishing at dusk off of a rocky pier .
A skateboarder sails over white steps .
person with red swim shorts swimming in pool
A man in black carrying an orange backpack stands next to a red backpack that is laying in the snow .
Two women walk on cement carrying many packs and backpacks .
A classic bottle-green Jaguar races around the track .
A man and a woman in with a headscarf and a black apron are leading two horned cattle pulling a trailer down a paved road with trees in the background .
A man in sunglasses is in a boat .
A dark-colored dog walking across snow with something in its mouth .
A smiling man in a yellow shirt feeds branches through a wood chipper .
A boy wearing khaki pants and a sports team jersey is jumping down the stairs outside .
A man with a black shirt and plaid quilt is throwing a log into the air while spectators are watching .
A man being carried by a group of other men , people looking on behind a barrier .
A crowd is watching someone up on a pole at night .
A boy with a blue shirt is standing on the railing of a flight of stairs .
One man is kicking a board out of another man 's hand .
A woman lowering ballast on a boat .
A Asian woman wearing a red leather corset and black jacket on stage .
A young boy with a dinosaur shirt on runs at a playground .
Two men wearing safety vests are looking at some papers .
A black and white and a brown and white dog running in a grassy field in front of a stand of trees .
a family standing in a rock cave with some of their belongings in the background
A brown dog is digging in the dirt .
A motorcycle racer in a red jumpsuit and helmet rides up a dirt hill .
Two people are riding along the side of the road on bicycles , the one in front is wearing a helmet .
A baseball game where the red team has just gotten the white runner " out " by the baseman catching the ball .
A well dressed asian businessman walking ahead of a poorly dressed asian man in front of a white tile wall .
Two young women look into two microscopes , one of them with a disbelieving look on her face .
A man in a red vest and straw pork-pie hat holds a saw and bow and speaks into a microphone .
Woman crossing a wooden bridge .
Skylights in a art gallery illuminate large pieces of art while a young adult sits on the floor before one seeming to sketch in a pad .
Two women riding in a motorcycle they are both wearing helmets
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop .
Five people are outside in a park-like area and one of them is reaching for a hand swing .
Costumed onlookers watch as a uniformed policeman makes a speech and a man in a suit holds a bowl of fruit .
A woman in a blue jean skirt walking down the street near her reflection in a building .
Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field .
A man on a roof in a 3rd world country .
Two musicians are on a stage , one plays the bass guitar .
A group of students sit and listen to the speaker .
An older man is opening his arms wide and looking perplexed .
Man wearing green sneakers runs down highway .
An man wearing an Arab scarf , with another man in the background .
three females wearing headscarves standing together
A heavyset man running a Pro-Saw concrete saw with a piece of white construction equipment in the background .
A man in a baseball cap walking between a car and a market .
Man getting a tattoo on his arm by a tattoo artist .
A lady wearing black boots , a jean skirt , and a scarf walking down the sidewalk .
A person in a yellow-floral shirt is playing the guitar .
Closeup of the side of an old woman 's face with oversized sun blocking glasses , gray hair and a gold earring .
the little boy looks like he is doing a school project while his dad watches him .
A man in black attire shovels snow into the street , disregarding all public safety .
Distant person riding off-road vehicle across sand dunes marked with treads .
A crowd of women and children mill about in a poor country .
A child is sitting in a hole filled with water .
Two brown cows in a scenic green valley with a group of people behind them .
Three bicyclists race around a curve .
A dog jumps over a hurdle .
A man putting spackle on the wall .
Man with green shirt holds up a small child at a playpen area .
A woman with her kids standing at the cash register while a cashier bags her groceries .
A man in a baseball cap stands in front of an ATM as a woman in shorts and a yellow shirt stands next to him .
A young girl running through a sprinkler
A man in a red adidas sweatshirt , red sunglasses and red hat walks through town .
An adult and a child play together with toys .
Old guy , looking like Jerry Garcia , playing guitar on stage while others stand behind him .
Men and women in Scottish garb play the bagpipes as a runner approaches on the street .
A shaggy dog jumps outside in the grass .
A man in a white shirt is reading a map .
A man in a red plaid shirt playing Frisbee golf .
A man riding a bull in a rodeo .
Lots of people in a forest with a man standing on a log with white shirt .
two people are talking on a bench beside the street .
Black man does the flatulence dance and lets loose in front of some islanders .
Africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background .
A little girl maybe in school coloring on a white sheet of paper .
Two children are running down a sidewalk in front of a building .
An all-woman orchestra in black formal dress prepare to play outside of a church .
Young girls are doing a dance .
Inside a vehicle , a blond woman with a single-lens reflex ( SLR ) camera is gesturing at someone ( not visible ) behind her seat .
Two nude women painted black and white are riding bicycles on the road .
Musicians playing guitar in a church service hosted by their Bishop .
Older man talking to a young boy who is wearing a blue and brown shirt .
A girl doing laundry on her bed .
Two men wrestle in the middle of towering buildings .
Soccer players are shaking each others hands on the soccer field .
A little girl in a blue hat is eating a cupcake .
A woman in a colorful dress drives a motorized chair past a corner on a city sidewalk , while a man in a long white t-shirt walks towards the road .
A very excited man with a black jacket and jeans raising his arms into the air with a bright light shining on his face .
A man and women performing a complicated dance routine .
Two men are standing outside and snow is on the ground .
A little girl in a pink shirt is wearing a mask .
a gray and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake
A man stands at the top of a mountain with his hands in the air .
Two children are using pruning tools in the yard .
A tall , thin , brunette girl wearing combat boots standing on a sidewalk .
A man is rock-climbing up the side of a cliff .
A band with three members , guitarist , bassist and drummer , is playing a concert outside .
A boy with a Mohawk is wearing a navy blue sweatshirt in a crowd of people .
A man stands beneath a big bell between two pillars , another person sits to the side .
A Woman with glasses on , cooking .
A large vehicle drives through a mud puddle .
A blond Asian walking in a striped black and white shirt .
A winter sleigh ride with Santa .
A group of people watching something .
Several people stand around eating , drinking , and talking , while a woman prepares finger food .
A young boy catches a fish from a stream while a young girl helps .
A kayaker almost turns over .
The rock band Van Halen is performing a recent concert .
An elderly man sitting outside on a chair with a guitar next to him .
Child lying in the grass and wearing blue swim goggles on its head .
A man with a hairy chest is mowing a lawn .
A black dog carefully crosses over some water .
A sled and dogs mushing
A young man in a blue shirt standing on the flat green lawn or what appears to be a college campus is about to catch a white frisbee .
A man in an orange vest standing in a field .
Some people are looking at produce that is stacked for sale at a market .
A crane lifts into the air above the water .
A group of young girls is walking toward the camera in a grassy park studded with yellow flowers , with trees and a parking lot in the background .
A person in an orange kayak navigates white water rapids .
A guy is lying down in front of some cabins , drinking something from a bottle .
A man on the street drawing pictures of people .
A bride and groom stand together in front of a wooden fence .
A man with a large white beard is pushing a cart full of trash bags and cardboard down a sidewalk .
A toddler wearing a striped shirt looking contemplative in a house with his toy .
An older woman walks between a covered marketplace and a row of large columns .
A portrait picture of 5 people holding instruments behind them , they are facing the ocean .
A little girl is standing near a patch of daffodils in a city park .
Toddler is using a spatula to pick up food off a grill , outside .
An elderly man with a long beard and hair and red dot on his head with white symbols .
Man with red shirt on a red bike in front of two other people on bikes .
The child is sharing a strange-looking bicycle with the man .
Woman in front of what appears to be a storefront with the display window completely covered in newspapers .
Two dark-haired girls with pigtails in the water wearing red bathing suits .
The doctor in the blue scrubs is listening to a woman in a blue top .
A California Golden Bear quarterback falls to the ground after he throws the ball to his receiver who is pursued by the Stanford defense .
A dog jogs through the grass .
A kid riding a bike jumps up and does a trick in midair .
Many racers are racing on bikes in distinct uniforms .
A man dancing on the street in front of a crowd .
The vehicle is crossing a stream of water , in a wooded area .
A girls smiles as she looks at a little boy laughing while reaching for the sky
A man is drinking a beer while two children sit on his lap drinking water .
A tall man dressed in a long-sleeved shirt , pants , and tall boots is sweeping in a yard .
One man wearing green is pushing a cart over a curb .
This man dressed in white pants and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .
A large , white bird skates across the top of some water .
Two football player from the opposite team are holding back the one with the ball .
4 guys go around a turn in a speed skating competition .
Four people are sitting around a table eating a meal and talking .
A little girl plays in the water fountain , sticking her hands in the water as it comes up .
A woman in a yellow sweatshirt , jeans and a blue cap is holding a small green ball in her hand and an extendable leash .
A young child leaning forward asleep in a stroller with a butterfly on their head .
A guy on a floating platform on the water .
Many people gathered on four little white boats and are going down a waterway in between two houses .
Older man with a striped shirt is waiting for someone to buy his flowers .
A lone person in a long , black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night , with the text " CAFE DE FLO " visible on the cafe canopy banner .
Two small dogs run through the grass .
The dog is leaping over the bar .
Three people getting out a van .
Two men park their red motorcycles near a church .
a woman is carrying green balloons
A man in blue shorts outside an ice cream shop .
A young lady performing gymnastics .
Children pass a baton during a relay run .
Three little kids on a rock , looking at the water .
Man and woman walking near the ocean .
Two women talking to donkeys on the beach .
Two people in a slingshot ride .
A man wearing a baseball cap is sitting in a car looking at a map .
A large gathering of people at a park .
Two little boys in uniforms play soccer .
People getting water from a lake .
individual trying a task never done before but watching his image in the water below him .
Dogs racing around a curve in the track .
An ebullient man jumps into the air against a remote desert canyon backdrop .
A woman in a white shirt and black pants bowling .
Two boys laying tile in a bathroom .
A girl is splashed with water as she plays outdoors with other children .
Two adults and a child are in an attic playing with balloons .
Two young girls standing on an overlook in the mountains .
a construction worker sweeping
A concentrated male sculpting .
A smiling woman and a child sitting down and having dinner .
Two dogs tussling over a stuffed toy on a yard , with a boat in its carrier the background .
Women in jackets sitting in a theater , smiling .
Two tan dogs smell each others faces .
A group of people in a classroom sitting around a table
A man and woman , dressed in white , embrace each other while their actions go unnoticed to the other people in the background .
These agile young people have climbed behind the bleachers to watch the action .
Young boy eats chocolate ice cream out of a cup .
Two people are riding a motorcycle along with many other riders .
A young boy covers his ears , and a man sits on the dirt next to a site of damaged cars and buildings .
a couple looking at food out in the cold .
A man in a white tank top sitting down looking at a laptop .
Two men jumping excitedly at a rocky beach .
Two women have a swim in water by ice capped mountains .
A group of people standing outside of a building .
The people on the balcony are controlling the man in the white shorts like a puppet .
two young girls hug each other in the grass .
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball .
A young man in front of a grill laughs while pointing at something to his left .
A group of friends out on a deck .
The athlete is wearing protective gear .
A female hurdle-jumper is caught in midair clearing a hurdle in a track-and-field setting .
A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her .
A street performer with a black hat is preparing to play guitar right as the pedestrians approach him .
A hiker in a red cap walking along a mountain path .
A football player wearing blue and gold holding a football at a football game .
An african american woman tennis player taking a swing at the ball .
A man holding money , standing in front of a street band and a store .
A man accompanied by a band is singing in a red room .
A bearded man cuddles with a bear at the zoo .
A young woman wearing a red shirt stands in a soccer goal and kicks a ball .
The person is wearing a black and red outfit and is practicing combat .
Four girls sit around a table eating food .
three children playy together .
A child watches intently as a woman uses a MacBook laptop .
A kid in an orange shirt with black symbols is jumping in a space walk .
a fat police officer and a fat lady sitting together while the police officer flips through paperwork .
An older man in an apron tends to cooking hotdogs on a backyard grill .
Two men running down the road while a fire burns .
A little girl in a red jacket and a orange hat is playing hide and seek .
A group if people standing around a public fountain .
A street vendor wearing a gray shirt , gray pants , and a blue baseball cap is selling bananas and limes from blue plastic crates .
A little boy in a red shirt and red shorts climbing a tree .
A man playing an electric guitar at a concert .
A couple sitting together at a small circular table in an older looking rustic building .
A black dune buggy with only the drive pops a wheelie in the desert sand .
An elderly man reads a newspaper next to some garbage cans and a wall covered in graffiti .
A line of people in front of a Hyatt Regency hotel .
Four men are standing outside in front of a fence .
Man kayaking down river rapids .
A young girl is taking a drink from a can of diet coke .
The Oklahoma football player watches the game from the sidelines .
A mountain biker rides up a steep embankment and clears the top with great height .
Two people sitting beside each other at a table with food on it smiling .
Man standing in front of a small fire .
a fireman starring to the distance next to a car
Several men traveling down a hill riding donkeys .
A group of folks on a farm getting ready to drive around .
some children play in the grass outside near a tree .
A woman in a hat sitting on a little red chair
Five ballet dancers caught mid jump in a dancing studio with sunlight coming through a window .
A woman with pink hair is mixing ingredients for cooking .
Two kids in jeans perform skateboard tricks .
Woman sweeping up a street with a broom .
Four hikers dressed in black and yellow attempt a massive mountain .
A bride getting out of her car on her wedding day .
A little girl , running in the grass , kicking a beach ball .
Man skiing over a barrel in a snowy area .
A black man runs a race over a wet street .
Two older women sitting together on a bench .
A group of four people prance away from the camera , one pushing a shopping cart and another leaping along side .
A man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera .
A man and woman are looking over a brick wall at a beach scene with a man and a woman embracing at the bottom of the wall .
A man in a blue shirt hauls a cart full of soda cans in garbage bags .
A man stands on a snowy hill next to a mountain .
Several people are working at computers in an office space with large windows .
Four adults are sitting and playing a video game .
A man with a boat oar , and a woman dancing .
The back of a female as she swings , with a cloudy sky in the background .
A large group of bicycles riding their bikes .
Three men in t-shirts advertising hotdogs stand at a store counter .
Male in poor area of the world using a bucket to pour water on himself .
A black and white dog jumps over a red and white pole while a boy in a green shirt watches .
A firemen team sprays a burning and smoking car with a hose on an intersection .
A man is sleeping with a small dog .
A woman with long curly hair is standing at a podium and speaking .
The lady is smiling with the colorful dress .
A woman feeds a baby with curly brown hair while also holding a young blond child with a patch over one eye and glasses .
An older man in a blue shirt planting seed in pots with potting soil .
One man sitting at a bus stop .
Native Americans are dressed up in native clothing and are participating in an activity together .
a man stands alone on the rocks .
A dog begins to climb a brick staircase near plants .
A man wearing a white top hat .
A football player , number 15 , carrying the football and being tackled by the opposing team on a grassy field with spectators watching along a fence .
Two men in blue jackets are sitting on a concrete stoop .
A thin , brunette-haired woman in glasses talks with another blond woman , who gestures with her arms .
A little girl peering out from behind a tree .
Two dogs are playing together and fighting over a toy .
A young girl gliding on a rope swing beside a red barn .
A group of basketball players jump in the air for the ball .
a female waitress server with a full tray of food .
Two men shopping in an Asian market .
A group of 5 boy scouts standing on a stage .
Two little girls in pink are dancing .
A high jumper is in the middle of her jump while still holding the pole .
A gymnast performs with a ribbon .
A young boy helping plant new flowers .
Three people are sitting around a table watching another woman stir a green liquid .
Four men are preparing to launch a boat with colorful flags .
Four girls in bathing suits are holding hands as they leap into the ocean .
a boy on skateboard is making a jump from a blue bench beside a white wall .
Three people are looking out into the water through telescopes near a brick building and over a green rail .
One dog chases another on the green grass .
Two women walking with their arms around each other .
The corner cafe is busy today , with a construction crew stopping by on their lunch break .
A breakdancer is standing on one hand with a look of excitement
A little girl wearing a flowery yellow dress blows on a milkweed plant in a field of grass .
A blond baby girl in green is walking and holding a box .
A performer is breathing fire at a festival in front of a red and yellow tent .
Older man playing accordion on a street .
A male swimmer in a blue Speedo swimsuit adjusts his goggles .
Three men wearing Canadian military fatigues and a fourth man wearing blue shorts and a red t-shirt stand side-by-side ; two men hold shears for a ribbon cutting .
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow .
Three men wearing safety vests and doing yard work in a field .
A dog splashes in the water
A young boy in his pajamas asleep on a couch .
This is a man standing on a rooftop with construction in the background .
A young ethnic girl in a bright blue dress walks along the bank of a river bed dried up by drought .
A dog running with a toy in his mouth .
A boy hangs about six feet up in the lowest crook between branches of a large tree on a fenced-in , grassy hill .
A group of people sitting in front of a stage .
A very young child in a denim baseball cap eats a green apple .
A girl on a pink scooter pushes herself down a subdivsion sidewalk .
Two woman hiking stop to admire the view .
Newlyweds kiss by their wedding cake .
Two men carrying briefcases look across the street in a city .
A holder and kicker for a football team dressed in orange , white and black play while onlookers behind them watch .
A girl is kneeling and looking down from the top of a tall cliff .
Two girls are advertising a car wash .
Woman with pink shirt sitting in chair .
a child is getting her hair done
A soccer game about to start .
The surgeon in the blue scrubs with white gloves is cutting something in the patient and wiping the blood off on the gauze to keep his scissors clean .
A dog is looking at a white swan swimming in a lake .
A group of children that are either sitting or standing in a line , while two are holding a round object .
A woman in a suit and gloves is conducting a small orchestra in a bright room .
A soldier , wearing fatigues playing the snare drum in the Army 's Marching Band with other members of the band in the background .
A girl wearing white polka dots and black boots walks and a woman in a blue outfit hurridly walks behind her .
A snowboarder in a white coat and yellow-green pants grabs some serious air .
A young person doing a skateboard trick on a cement raling over cement stairs .
firemen putting out a fire in a trailer
An elder man conducting an orchestra .
A young boy in a small canoe on a lake .
People sit on folding chairs outside in front a burning fire .
a man in a yellow safety jacket and blue jeans is on his cellphone .
A man riding a bike on a street with an overhead arch .
Women in a sewing factory with red fabric .
Two police officers on mopeds , side by side .
Several men in protective suits are rolling a man on a gurnee .
The brown and white dogs run through the field .
In what appears to be a patriotic parade , a man riding a vehicle is holding a little girl and American flags abound .
Hikers treks upward through the creek bed , stopping to catch their breath and enjoy the cool , green scenery .
Several girls wearing matching blue shirts are walking outside .
A kayaker wearing a blue wetsuit and black helmet paddles his yellow kayak in murky rolling rapids .
An ice hockey player takes water from a green bottle .
Young man , in a swimsuit , surfing on brown waters .
Four beautiful ballerinas dance together with a black backdrop .
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a white vehicle with a crest on the door .
3 men are sitting along a walkway .
Girl running in a marathon , wearing a black shirt with a white tank top , with the numbers 44 on it .
A group of soldiers dressed in blue are marching down the street .
A man trims off excess salmon , so that it will fit comfortably onto a wooden grill plank .
Senior citizens are barbecuing .
A man and a woman appear to work at an Asian food vending booth .
A little blond girl with a pink dress and blue pants walking away from a little boy .
A woman holds a little boy wearing a blue sweatshirt .
A girl in a pink shirt is reading a book on an e-book reader .
A man wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bike , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer
a biker enjoys a coffee .
A man in a black suite sitting in a train tunnel .
A man gestures to two women while standing in a parking lot .
A woman in a redhead wrap is sitting on a bridge .
A dog sits still while looking at large rocks .
A man at the top of a mountain in a large mountain range .
A young woman with a white and blue hat and uniform yells to others dressed the same .
A woman in a White dress is singing
A woman has mounted a horse carrying a spear .
The cute baby is playing a toy .
guy jugging three yellow balls whose is wearing a shirt with the word LOVE on it
Sting is singing and playing the guitar before an audience .
A dog runs through snow in front of the woods .
Four dogs look at an object in the sky , one jumping to reach it .
A man in a red hoodie with a white apron stands in front of a mural .
A postal worker smiles , with a brick street background .
The girl in the purple jacket is laying in a hole that has been dug out of the snow .
A woman in a blue shirt makes a painting of two windows with green shades .
A horse leaps a hurdle with a rider on its back .
A man with no shoes on is watching the sunset over a town .
A child appears to be in a canoe wearing a life jacket on the lake , clear blue water and blue sky .
A boy in black winter clothes sits on an inflated sled by a mound of snow .
A toddler in a blue bandanna playing with a set of rings on a stick .
Young girl enjoys herself as she is sprayed with a sprinkler
A construction worker stands beside a large yellow tube , next to scaffolding on a city street .
Blond man in jeans climbs tree in park .
Man with orange hard hat , driving a construction vehicle and waving .
Three men ride their dirt bikes .
Children are being splashed with water .
A blond woman wearing a blue shirt is walking down the street while holding her cellphone .
An african american man has on a brown hat and wearing a brown button shirt holding a microphone as he sings .
A boy falling headfirst into a pool
A man is doing tricks with a bicycle at a skate park .
Father and son swimming .
A woman wearing orange and black participating in a bike race gets ahead of a man in red and white .
The back of a little girl with braids and a man in a ' plane ' pose before her .
A young man in a foreign military outfit .
A small crowd of about five people stand on a sidewalk while a bus drives past .
Two nuns , one with paper in her hand , and the other holding a bag .
A boy balances on something inflatable
A bald eagle near a pond of water .
A child dressed in blue with glasses .
Two men wearing helmets are riding .
People look at a toy tiger hanging from a stand .
A woman retrieving balls from a miniature golf hole .
A lady holds a baby and they both are looking at one another .
A man in a blue shirt buying an item from a woman in a white shirt at a farmers market .
Boy falling from railing with building , colorful banners in background .
Two women with very large hats are walking on the sidewalk .
Two musicians from the band Lynyrd Skynyrd sing and play guitar on stage in front of speakers and a drum set .
A soccer game between a team with blue uniforms and red uniforms where the ref or a coach is talking to a player .
Some young adults hike by boulders and a stream .
Someone washing their hands in a faucet
3 Asians drawing characters on paper .
Two women are walking casually down the street together .
An older couple are standing by a Fairway shopping cart .
A woman in all black crouches against a wall while making a phone call .
A man and woman kiss in the street .
A man with two fireworks in his hands while a woman in a red cap with an arrow through her head stands to his right .
People are riding a boat in the body of water approaching a bridge .
Boy in a red shirt climbing up a block wall .
The motorcyclist race on the course .
A man stands outside of a beautiful building wearing a neon green construction jacket .
One man is walking 11 dogs at the same time .
A person in a blue jacket and green pants is snowboarding down a snow covered slope .
A male in a purple shirt and white hat is driving a vehicle that has four wheels and some sort of basket in the front of it carrying three people .
A woman with a blue bag in front of an ATM getting money .
small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth
A little girl gets in to a pool .
A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse .
A man does construction work on the roof of a building .
An attractive woman riding a bicycle on a beach .
A rock climber hangs from a ledge while others look on .
A young woman and two men drink beer in a bar .
A man with glasses , a cap and a number sticker on his shirt running through the streets .
A woman cyclist in a shirt wearing a bike helmet waits with a child passenger at a stop with another woman cyclist wearing a blue shirt and black pants .
A man in black shorts is walking down the sidewalk .
Two boys wakeboard .
A man wearing a dark top and white pants lies down in the shade on park bench .
A group of young girls are doing repair work on the roof .
3 Children holding their arms up while smiling with a Christmas Tree in the background .
This is a grassy and rocky place .
The beautiful young girl goes through the tube .
A smiling post office worker proudly shows off his four wheeled mailbag carrier .
An old man shops in a foreign grocery store .
Men and women sitting on a bench in the background construction crane working on the cathedral .
A little girl walks and laughs outside .
A jockey is riding a camel draped with an American flag down a track .
Girl in pink shirt and blue flowered shorts swinging a pillow .
A man with a black t-shirt and blue shorts is walking at Droney Park .
A blond woman is holding a microphone and making a zero sign with her fingers .
Two men hanging out together near a tiled facade .
A man and young girl practice their martial art skills .
A bicyclist is jumping over a large object .
The man with the cane is on a walk .
Dirty blond man with tattoos is playing a guitar .
Two boys walking down the street , with one giving a peace sign .
A man is standing in the street and pointing at something .
Indian women joining hands in a traditional dance .
A brown dog is playing outside in a grassy area .
a brown dog is sniffing the ground by a cow that is standing behind a wooden fence .
A light brown dog is running in the water .
A young boy sitting on his bike in what looks like a desolate area .
Woman at a store reads a book about " Filosofie " .
A man in a hunting vest holding a dead bird and a shotgun .
a man performs a large jump .
Two older women are sitting on a beach beside the ocean , surrounded by tables of fish .
Street dancers enjoys showing what they can do on their feet and their hands .
A man posing on a tall desert hillside .
Two women in a bathroom stall .
Three men standing over men sitting in a circle on chairs in a park .
A man wearing an orange construction hat wipes his face , while another man in an orange construction hat hoists something up on a chain pulley , while standing in front of some fire .
A girl in a red and white uniform tagging out a girl in a black uniform and helmet during a competitive game of softball .
A bride and groom jump towards each other with arms outstretched .
One bird opens its mouth while the other bird looks back at it .
Two men are challenging each other in a medieval dual .
A man and a woman wearing numbers are waving in the street .
Two people singing and playing guitars .
A man playing a white guitar with sheet music .
A white man in a camouflage t-shirt plays an electric guitar .
A young lady is swinging on a tire swing .
A man wearing a white hat is sitting behind an ice cream cart .
Man sitting on ledge reading the paper .
A man with a bamboo bandanna looks off into the distance as he holds a bamboo fishing pole .
A person with braided hair is sitting in a purple chair .
A dog in water with its head cocked to the side looking at a ball .
A man wearing red shorts is sitting on a chair .
Two belly dancing women in black frilly outfits strike a pose next to a brick wall .
A woman is skipping barefoot across a yard .
Couples are dancing in front of a band that consists of a guitar player , a banjo player and an accordion player with a black background and ornamental balls hanging from the ceiling .
People are walking on a street outside of a building .
Two men are carrying nets near a pier .
A construction worker working on a building .
Deli man slicing meat thin and weighing the sliced pieces .
A redheaded girl offers the peace sign as she swims in the pool with floaties .
A baby cries in a woman 's arms .
A couple is sharing a kiss on a cold sunny day .
A crowd of people are standing on the side of the street while a man in a blue hat is talking to a taxi driver .
A dog with blond-hair and floppy ears running in a field .
A young boy in a black wetsuit surfs in the water .
a man dressed as a clown is performing before and audience .
A small boy embraces a cat in a leave strewn road .
A group is on a canoe on a river .
Salvation Army members in uniform , one with a musical instrument , stand outside a store in a small group .
A woman is helping someone get on the carousel .
A man sitting down reading in the subway station .
A man with a backpack rides his bike down the street while being followed by a brown dog and a black dog .
A man supervising workers in a workshop .
A woman with purple hair and black shirt is outside .
On a beautiful , blue-sky day , a half-dozen runners are seen passing a modern building in what seems to be a marathon .
Young people are working in a laboratory .
A man in a pink shirt sitting next to a small building .
A man and a woman , both pushing strollers with children in them , are stopped and looking at each other .
Indian girl with her mom praying or performing a ritual
A man is walking next to a wall with " Where are you ? " painted on it .
A woman in a brown vest is working on the computer .
A group of indigenous people relax in the shade of a large tree .
A scene in a street , where one has shopping bags and the other is asking for directions .
A woman in a denim vest standing with a child in a white shirt at her feet .
A woman and a small child stand intimately at a calm lake shore
People watching two men in a bicycle race .
A very colorful bus is pulled off to the side of the road as its passengers load .
Female sitting in a chair in front of a hazy field .
Two men in a jogging race on a black top street , one man wearing a black top and pants and the other is dressed as a nun with bright red tennis shoes , while onlookers stand in a grassy area and watch from behind a waist high metal railing .
Two children on surfboards wave to each other .
Two musicians of Asian descent play guitars .
A person working in a market selling various items .
Male workers standing on the tops of trees in winter .
A man holding a cane and wearing a hat is sleeping on a bench .
A boy is performing a trick on his skateboard beneath white clouds and a blue sky as four sitting guys watch him .
A toddler girl plays with another younger toddler girl .
A man stands on the edge of a cliff overhanging the ocean .
A little girl in a red rain hat kicks at a man covered in mud .
Two men stand outdoors in the city night .
A woman on the side of the picture typing on a keyboard with a laptop computer in front of her .
Two children are bouncing on their toys behind a gated housing complex .
The dog runs across the green lush grass .
People are sitting on step along the water and fishing .
A young man sitting down on the bench with rollerskates on .
A woman holds small boy on a couch .
A woman sitting on a piece of cloth surrounded by dirt and is working on a piece of cloth
In a horse race five horses and five jockeys are clustered together competing for first place .
A guy is doing a skateboard trick over stairs .
Two soccer players race each other during a match while the crowd excitedly cheers on .
An old man in a red jacket is sleeping outside .
A man on a bike performs a stunt where he jumps for air off of a ramp .
a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .
A female is performing gymnastics .
Colorful signs with Asian characters light up an alley at night .
A young women wearing a black and red dance outfit is performing a leaping dance move .
A dark-haired woman wearing a black shirt holds a microphone in her hands .
A girl is playing in a house between a window and a stack of shelves .
Man in red shirt carrying signs .
Two children wearing life jackets face an older male while he paddles the canoe they are sitting in .
A man is singing and playing a guitar .
A little girl is blowing bubbles through a yellow hoop .
Three people walking up the subway stairs one is a older black man with a cane .
A man in a suit walks in a garden , smoking a cigarette .
A group of people watch an elderly couple standing next to a man with a cowboy hat and guitar .
Five people are playing classical musical .
The girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .
A dog is running down a dirt path .
A dark-haired man in white sunglasses talking on a cellphone .
Man cutting wood with a cutting machine .
A young girl in her swimsuit is getting ready to compete .
A street band of males playing drums .
Three greyhounds racing around the corner of a track .
Two dogs on leashes get close together .
There are people sitting on a bus that is labeled 84 Peterson .
The three people are dancing on a wood floor in kitchen clothing .
somebody in the air on a board
Pigeons swarm all over a boy .
People wandering through a market shopping .
A man pushing two children with one running next to him .
A rollerblader is in midair on a ramp .
A girl is peeking in a window .
Two police officers look at a house from a distance with binoculars .
Children in canoes floating down a river .
A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .
A group of children playing in water .
A man is walking downtown on a walkway , drinking a glass of wine .
a man standing against a building , in the sunlight , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture
Four people group hugging .
A hockey game with several players playing their part in preventing or facilitating a goal .
A man chiseling art out of a piece of stone .
A person in black has just stepped off of the escalator .
A bus with people on it .
Snowboarder getting some air in the mountains .
People stand on the street next to a pile of hay .
A girl is doing a trick on a blue trampoline and is in the air .
Blond-hair woman speaks to man in red scarf .
A woman in a black leather skirt perusing at the market .
A man walking a dog puts his arm around the shoulder of a woman with pink pants .
Three people walking down the street in an Asian community .
A group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture .
A cop is walking a crime dog to find something while paramedics discuss by their van .
People walk down a busy city street on a sunny day .
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field .
A man is riding the oceans waves on his surfboard .
An electronic device is being worked on by a woman .
The white dog is sitting in the grass .
A police truck is parked on a street .
A swan taking off from the water .
A city street with many people , and an older man smoking a cigarette with a black shirt on .
A man in a maroon shirt is outside bending down next to a concrete wall .
Two runners are neck and neck as motorists ride behind them .
An Oriental ceremony with ceremonial garb and a red umbrella .
By a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it , a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person ( whose head cannot be seen ) is operating a small handheld electronic device .
A yellow dog in the snow .
A bunch of people are standing around behind soccer players .
A spinning class is posing for the camera .
A guy in gold chains , a black top , and gold shorts is walking with his arms outstretched in a parade .
A hockey player attempts to score a goal close to the net while a goalie strives to protect the net .
A young person dressed in a blue shirt and jeans passes by an asian supermarket on a motorcycle .
A man in a red and white uniform bikes a trail .
Speaker talking in front of large group of people .
A man playing a banjo during street fair , catching the attention of people walking past .
A woman in a mauve jacket who is selling apples is talking to a young customer in a floral jacket .
A woman in a white skirt is standing outside of a building with a man .
Two smiling climbers with poles sit astride a mountain ridge .
a girl in a pink top is swinging with her hair flying everywhere .
People are making interpretative dance .
A man wearing a orange and yellow vest and a white hard hat is standing on a raised platform .
A tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard .
A large group of brighty clothed dancers taking photographs .
A man and a little boy in blue life jackets are rowing a yellow canoe .
This walkway built of wooden planks with metal handrail is in a wooded environment .
A woman chases a child in a playground .
Four people sit on the steps of the entrance to a building .
Two young boys amidst a crowd in India .
A man with a beard and a hat is begging for money from people .
A young boy in a blue striped shirt lays in the grass in front of a red table and reads a book .
Dogs playing in the yard .
A young boy walking behind a woman .
A woman with black hair wearing a sleeveless dress stands next to a car .
An engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up .
A man , with rainbow hair , and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo .
A man gives a boy high-fives outside a barber shop .
A group of youths march down the street waving flags showing the color spectrum .
A woman marches with a pair of dogs .
People dressed like angles run through the street .
Two men with bicycles navigate obstacles .
Man and woman cutting wedding cake .
The man in the white shirt is praying in public .
A cowboy desperately tries to hang on to a bucking pinto horse during a rodeo .
Six people sit on a stone bench outside a restaurant looking in different directions .
A female basketball player dribbling down court .
A young child wearing black and red clothing walking .
A young asian woman walks past a blue wall that says " Post No Bills . "
Two young boys in uniforms eating rice with their hands while sitting on the ground .
An Asian man with Headphones sneers as he works a turntable in a dark room .
Three children are playing cricket in a field .
A man on a ladder making something with dried plants .
A birthday party for many little people to enjoy .
Two little boys are throwing stones into a pond .
A young girl wearing a blue mickey mouse t-shirt eating a red , white , and blue popsicle with many different bicycles in the background .
Three construction workers sitting in front of a building in the shade .
two dogs running around
Men parading in kilts and playing instruments .
A man giving a speech , and a woman holding a cowboy hat .
A man in a black t-shirt and blues shoes plays a bass .
Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that 's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch .
Senior citizens sitting on wooden chairs on a walkway and one is reading a newspaper .
A man is standing in a grassy field equipped with a type of gardening tool which he is using on the grass .
A small dog with a toy in its mouth is jumping over a pole .
A cowboy clown wearing a shirt with Tax on it , red suspenders , and a white cowboy hat talks into a wireless microphone .
A pair work with the camera .
The little boy is running through the sprinklers .
A man is closing a gate with a train in the distance .
Six black men are either competing in a track race or practicing for a competition at the London 2012 Olympics .
A skateboarder examines the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
Men standing with a thing on their heads .
A man wearing sandals sits on the sidewalk near some bags .
Children sitting in a canoe on a quiet lake .
A hockey goalie stops the puck .
a lone surfer riding a huge wave .
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing .
A man slouched in a chair on a city sidewalk girl watching .
White man in white shirt jumping over rail with women behind him .
Two men are drinking beer .
A young woman in a green tank top walking her dog down a dirt road .
There are men playing the drums , while walking along the street .
Indian woman performing a dance on stage .
Four people at a holiday party at night .
A black Labrador bounds across the snow .
A group of people are sitting at a table having a meal .
A boy is running down a shady sidewalk .
A blond woman in a red jacket wearing black and white striped pants .
Several people are in a room staring at a wall with projected images on it
A group of people are gathered around pews .
A group of small children horseplay while waiting outside a home .
Group of people in a busy Asian city street .
A man and a woman with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat .
A man with a checked shirt on is carrying a skateboard walking down the road .
A crowd of people indoors sitting at tables with name tags .
Two men , a skydiving instructor and another man are descending to the ground with a huge blue lake in the picture .
One man plays the violin while another drums on a piece of metal .
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor .
A little girl plays in a blow up pool .
Four people are looking at artwork on display .
Two men are cleaning windows suspended by wires .
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .
silhouette of a young woman jumping and a beautiful setting in the background .
A musician playing a keyboard in a concert .
A woman standing behind a podium is speaking to people .
Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach .
Three people in matching blue shirts with a crowd looking on from behind a red rope .
A child walking along side long legged birds .
3 adults sitting in some sort of waiting area .
Young men skateboard in the street .
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
The large dog wading in the water and shaking .
A red-haired woman in a red blouse with a red bag sits on a bench .
Three young kids sitting by a beautiful view .
This gentleman is performing his " one man " show .
A man and a woman are dancing .
Man in sports jacket taking picture .
A man sits down and plays a public piano .
The brown dog is running outside on the grass .
A woman on stilts is making balloon animals for others .
A group of young men in shirts and shorts are assembling a bench and other wooden items .
Two soccer teams are playing , one is in white the other in red .
A woman in a headscarf uses a telescope to look out over the city and bay .
An artist is painting a tiny turtle into a painting .
In a crowded park three racially diverse girls hold hands .
A man walking through and old building .
A photo of bicycle wheels includes several blurred human figures in the background .
In a room with clothes strewn on the bed , a man appears to be falling onto the bed from a high distance .
A young boy jumps around on a blue mat with a half-smile on his face .
Two soccer players are running and kicking a soccer ball at a game .
A father and son wearing suspenders and cowboy hats .
A man is standing in walkway talking on his cellphone .
A man in a blue shirt with a yellow bag is alone near some trees with no leaves .
Two people performing back flips in front of a small crowd .
Two men play music at the South by Southwest Music festival while another man photographs them .
A kid in blue swim trunks swimming the backstroke .
A woman in a yellow coat and purple boots looks over the shoulder of a man while another couple walks along in the background .
A young woman and baby in red coats with a pink bicycle .
A man holding a cellphone to his ear looks at grapes .
A person sits on the floor and eats in front of a television .
Two ladies on the side of the road trying to get a good view .
Two little boys are playing soccer and vying for control of the ball on a soccer field with cars in the background .
People walking in New York at dusk .
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence .
A black dog is completely off the ground while in a race .
A young mother is letting her child lick a wooden cooking spoon clean .
A hispanic fruit market with many different fruits and vegetables in view on a city street with a man passing the store dressed in dark pants and a hoodie .
A woman and child sitting on a bench beside a wooden bear carving .
An Asian fruit and vegetable vendor 's selection of bananas , oranges , melons and more in his small boat .
Two men , wrestling , the man in green has the guy in black shorts in an arm hold .
One helmeted man on a mountain bike is coming down a steep , rocky path .
A baby with brown hair in pigtails closing her eyes .
A group of people are standing outside staring at various people lying on the ground .
Two women are on their phones behind a fence while two men sit in front of the fence .
A group of gymnastic girls huddled together talking while one girl is two the left by herself dancing .
A group of four men hiking up a trail .
A young lady with blue pants and shirt is taking a picture .
Two people sampling food at an outdoor food vendor .
Six men relax in the blue Bella Rose boat while floating up a river .
Mother and son grin for the camera
A woman dressed in lingerie poses in a glamorous photo shoot .
A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
Man in blue cap and white shirt holds onto bicycle seat while woman in red shirt and blue shorts holds onto one of the tires .
A boy in his boxers strikes a powerful pose .
Three men in bright clothing work on street with railroad tracks .
Kids rush for a soccer ball during a game .
five kids posing for a picture one is holding a gun
Two people in a public park or plaza stop to look at a monument in the background .
A black and white dog has a red toy in his mouth and is jumping .
A white dog runs along a bicycle .
Several people waiting on the subway .
Snowboarder holding a blue snowboard and a green snowboard .
A person in a blue outfit is riding a gray horse .
A couple walking down the sidewalk holding hands . Yo
Lady pushing her baby in a stroller on the waterfront .
People at theater , man in black reading program .
three Buddhists walk on the street .
A young girl sitting in swimming gear
A person in a blue kayak , paddling over rough water .
A woman blows some soap bubbles late at night .
A middle-aged man and women in a blue shirt look at the man 's diploma .
A man wearing an orange shirt hits a ball with a tennis racket .
A group of people are riding bicycles .
A worker in a lab performing experiments .
A young lady is holding her arms outstretched and is holding a top hat in one .
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him .
Two Indian men in all white clothing sit near the sea while playing a drum and sitar .
Kids are playing over the street .
A white dog leaps to catch an object .
Two children and a guardian or caretaker outside a wooden cabin in a rural area .
Two men in rolling down a winter bank .
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him .
Four men use a measuring tape on a green surface outdoors .
A picture of a storefront with a few people passing by .
A football player is getting tackled .
a middle-aged man wearing a cowboy hat and blue jeans is chasing after a sheep with a kid attached on the side
Many children play on the playground while parents watch from benches .
A group of people are walking towards the water on a beach .
A man in a black shirt and his little girl wearing orange are sharing a treat .
A young blond woman and older brunet woman walking down a street talking and observing .
A model of Sylvester Stallone stands in front of a ticket counter and an attendant in the Hollywood Wax Museum .
Girls sitting out in the sun outside of a Starbucks coffee shop .
Four guitarists and a drummer on stage .
A woman and a boy are in a parking lot , he is riding a bike and carrying a shovel while she is pulling a laundry basket on a furniture dolly .
A man is standing on one feet on a bridge .
An archeologist with a shovel at an excavation site .
The child has blue and black face paint on , and is wearing a paper crown .
A young couple lying in bed .
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block , looking out .
A group of school children walk up a country path in autumn .
A brunette couple smiles at the camera while sitting on a couch .
The group of people are all wearing orange vests walking towards the building .
Topless person surfing , shot captured in midair .
Five men stand in a spotlight , some with an arm raised , on a stage with a drum kit and other musical instruments behind them .
Children playing at a playground .
A married couple is sitting in a vehicle .
The boy with the cap holds the kite string and spool while smiling .
2 woman dancing while pointing .
An artist making a portrait with the canvas and original picture placed on his right knee .
Two children in identical outfits hang on a chain link fence .
A boy swings at a pinata at a backyard party in the summertime .
A technician hard at work .
Asian children , both girls , relaxing outside by a wall .
Two dancers practicing together .
A young blond woman is sitting on a bench , reading a magazine .
A ballet dancer with a rat mask dances outdoors at sunset .
A chef is selling ethnic food .
The small boy in an orange shirt gets some help from an adult while swinging at a pinata .
A race car with a cloud of dust behind it
Some guys playing pool together .
Children are gathered at a statue inside a museum .
Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .
A man is protesting in a hard hat .
Two women are kayaking on a large body of river .
Two men dressed as Santa Clause performing in a park .
A child that is sitting wrapped up in her blanket .
A man in a yellow shirt looks in a blue bag .
Man sings as a guy in a fur jacket plays guitar in the background .
A line of people are sitting on their motorcycles .
A bride carrying purple flowers .
A black cat wrestles with a white dog who has blue eyes .
A black man in a hat sitting in a chair in the sand holding a net .
The dog in the red vest runs in the field .
A little girl planting her first flower in the sand .
Several men look out the window while a woman in sunglasses leans on a wall nearby .
Africans in tribe clothes , walking pass a green .
Silly young boys make faces for the camera .
A woman is laying on the beach next to her bike .
A small dog on a leash is being smelled by another animal .
An adult and a child , both wearing hats , are outside , looking at a black and white rooster in a cage .
Old lady and little girl stand in front of purple flowers .
Lady doing yoga at a gym .
Two women and 1 man give a man bunny ears as they pose for photo .
A surfboarder prepares to catch a wave .
At a beach a ball is in the air while a man in a red long-sleeved shirt and dark pants is lunging forward .
A man in a yellow hard hat and blue overalls dumps dirt into a wheelbarrow .
A race car driver is holding a trophy .
People hanging by a fountain on a warm day .
Two chefs talk together behind a tiled restaurant calendar in a fancy restaurant .
A young dog is running across a shore .
The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass .
A man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married .
Two black dogs are swimming in a pool .
An older man in a green t-shirt and gray hat is looking at something very intently .
A cowboy in a pink shirt is riding a bucking horse .
A woman looks out over the railing into the ocean .
A life-size , mechanized model of an elephant parades down a city street .
Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill .
An indian woman crafting something with her hands .
Girl in black dress posing in front of soccer goal with soccer ball .
A man , woman and child are sitting on benches with luggage , waiting .
Workers with white t-shirts measure a wooden board .
Two men attempt to hit a ball on a sports field with their team members standing by .
Boys play cricket on a field .
A small child wearing yellow and white is crouched by a basket holding a flower .
Two men in matching formal wear stand next to each other , smiling .
2 people walking outside in a downtown area .
A group of people holding their hands in the air , shouting , with a black banner in front of them .
An amputee practicing his discus throw .
Women standing outside to use the potty .
A young child approaching a street .
a child holding a yellow blanket is looking in a drawer which has bibs and toys .
A man with a grimaced face forces himself to eat an unusual food with chopsticks .
A man in sunglasses smiles .
The scuba diver shows off something he found underwater .
A group of people in a rush to get to work .
People gathered at a social event .
A young boy in a green and beige uniform is reaching to catch a ball in a glove .
Three dogs are running side by side on the grass .
A small white bird looks at a small object .
An Asian woman cleans off the window inside of a cafe .
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine .
A man saws through a snow covered tree .
A sidewalk artist wearing a black hoodie is creating a large installation of a woman on the sidewalk while being watched by many by-standers .
A tall person with long hair , brown sweater , white pants and a orange and white tote bag is hugging the girl with brown pant and long-sleeved shirt as they walk down the sidewalk .
A woman wearing a pink coat standing in front of a body of water .
A woman is holding green and gold pompoms .
A man dressed all in black performs a trick on a rail while wearing inline skates .
People in a street sharing their opinions on oil .
Six people ride mountain bikes through a jungle environment .
a kid riding a skateboard .
A group of people are in a living room recording studio ; three members of the band are visible and the photograph was taken from the perspective of the drummer .
A black dog with white facial and chest markings standing in chest high water .
A group of women with black shirts .
A kid running on a track with a yellow baton .
The man is doing a flip in an urban area with people walking by .
One man , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another man , wearing a red jacket .
A man in a white shirt and a woman in a red shirt are dancing outdoors with many people surrounding .
Three workers in white hard hats ride on an orange forklift .
A young girl blowing on a dandelion puff .
Two people scramble across the street while rain falls from above .
Three children are playing with a ball on a wide expanse of grass .
A city reflected in a building that people are entering .
Pilot dropping cloth while cleaning airplane windows .
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure .
The boy with the red trunks kicks and grins as he falls back down after being thrown in the air by the man standing in the waist deep water .
A man smoking a cigarette is playing an acoustic cigar .
one performer wearing a feathered headdress dancing with another performer in the streets
Ladies wearing pink dresses and heels looking towards other people .
A man in an orange robe walking along a wall .
One man carrying stacks of hay in a grassy field .
A soaking wet man carrying his also wet friend in his arms , is laughing .
People are buying and selling fruit in an open air market .
A group of indian men sell their goods in a market .
A girl jumps off a rock while another stands on it .
Man on horse that is rearing up .
A girl making faces while eating at a restaurant .
a man with a black vest holding a model airplane
a little boy spilled his milk from the green cup .
A man playing accordion on the street
This man is doing a jump on a bike .
A person on an all-terrain vehicle , sending up clouds of dust .
A man in a black baseball cap and necklace is sitting down with a keyboard on his lap .
A man in a trench coat walks down a boardwalk carrying a guitar in its case .
A young man cutting wood in a shop .
A man , woman , and child are crouched down and the man is holding a gun .
A man in a white shirt and tie points to an image in a children 's book while a small girl watches .
Two swimmers are fighting for a ball on a water sport .
A brown and a black and brown dog are playing in the water and the black one is carrying a long stick in its mouth .
A serene city street on a sunny day .
A balding man kisses a very small baby wrapped in a blanket .
A man in a blue jacket rides a bicycle on the sidewalk .
two people are dragging a yellow raft into a river .
A chubby , redheaded child swings a bat at a ball on a tee .
A pastor and a young girl in the front of the cathedral .
A young teenage boy waring a green snowsuit is jumping over a set of power lines while two women watch .
People at a protest regarding military personnel .
Two older men with white shirts and black pants playing the cello .
Women posing with large amount of cotton candy , on a busy sidewalk .
Man in sandals playing an acoustic guitar on a sidewalk
A young girl wearing a yellow shirt gives a thumbs up next to a turtle next to a wire fence .
A girl with red dreadlocks is talking on the phone .
A father and his son cutting a cake during a dinner party held at their residence in texas .
Two women are sitting in a home snacking on a vegetable tray and discussing the sculpture located behind one of their chairs .
A man is watching a ship head out to sea .
An older woman sitting outside .
A man rides a horse , while mountains and clouds are shown in the background .
Two homeless people sleep outside a store with all their belongings in a shopping cart in between them .
two children playing th Wii .
Man wearing jeans rolls a bowling ball down the lane .
A construction crew working on a railroad .
A dog plays on the beach .
A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle on the street .
A woman working behind a restaurant counter .
A woman with a red umbrella jumping off a park bench in a photo .
Someone wearing rings is working on a record player .
A man in a black wetsuit riding a medium sized ocean wave .
A small brown and white dog looks in the window of Driggs Pizza .
A young woman and an older man are making food at a street market .
Three person are discussing something .
Everyone is clapping in this office .
A man climbing a cliff with a rope .
A person working while sitting on a scaffold high up in the air .
A man kissing a woman in a crowd .
A black and tan dog in the snow
Two men , carrying guitars , are walking along a beach .
A dark-skinned runner in shorts leaps forward on a track in an outdoor stadium .
As others wait outside the public building for the doors to open , one young Irish dancer practices her jig .
a girl walking with wearing umbrella
two players on a field fighting each other .
Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads .
Two little boys riding their bikes in the street .
A man on a soccer field , in a uniform , about to kick a soccer ball .
At a party , an entertainer provides amusement to children in the form of balloon animals .
Several pedestrians in front of a fountain .
A young boy with blue hair is brushing his teeth .
A referee watches two basketball players playing basketball .
A group of motorcycle policemen with flags attached to their motorcycles drives down a public street .
A black guy with long stringy hair and an american du rag holds his hands up to the sky at some kind of gathering .
A kid with a bucket runs from a wave
A boy rides a bicycle down the street wearing a large yellow lemon-shaped sign while a multitude of people wait in line on the sidewalk .
A brown dog biting a gray dogs ear .
A man in red and yellow suit is riding his bike through the field .
Multiple people are walking by a human statue , who is painted in varying shades of gold .
The skateboarder jumps over the ramp .
A Caucasian male musician playing a xylophone .
A suit on display in a storefront .
A biker in a red , white , and blue shirt rides past a lake and some people .
There are two dogs , black and white , and the black one is jumping .
This man is asleep on a bench .
A woman with bright orange hair and a blue-green dress is walking on the pavement .
A boy with white shorts on leaping into a pong , foliage in the background highlights his skin tone .
A man and a woman are standing next to old houses and water .
Two men , one wearing a face mask , are examining sheets of wood .
Man in black jacket holding newspaper .
A baseball player takes the mound in an outdoor stadium .
One girl is wearing a white t-shirt with red sleeves ; the other has words on hers .
A man with glasses sitting at a table with a coffee cup and several other items on the table .
People working together to secure a ceiling panel .
Several workers doing various repairs and cleaning steps and statues on a monument .
A little girl looks at abstract dresses .
The little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball .
A couple are sitting on a park bench with four purple balloons tied to it .
A squirrel with a fluffy tail sits on a tree branch among yellow leaves .
A man is wearing a red and white striped shirt and camouflage ball cap .
A man is riding a horse with a braided mane while wearing full horse-riding gear .
A man and woman are kissing next to a train track .
A man sitting on a couch smiling .
An indian man in a mustard jacket is shoveling a lot of snow .
A small brown dog on a leash .
A brown and white dog is carrying a snowball .
A man with a long white beard starting away from the crowd with a bunch of people behind him .
a couple is walking down the sidewalk with their dog .
A man skiing down a snowy hill .
Couple watch upside down breakdancing boys .
A man wearing snowshoes near a river .
Brown dog laying on gravel with grass and trees in background .
A team of people in red in a park .
Interracial basketball team playing against each other and one player is scoring a hoop .
a young woman dancing wearing folkloric attire .
Two workers in orange vests are cleaning the windows outside while other look on .
A woman wearing a yellow and cream colored scarf , and a cream color jacket stands in front of a wall with a painting and holds her hand out .
Grilling ribs , chicken kabobs , and vegetable kabobs .
A man with glasses is peeling the paint off of a window pane .
Two hockey players trying to get the puck .
A man wearing a blue casual shirt with money green shorts and black hat pointing toward the yellow object in an elderly gathering .
A young girl playing in the water with others watching in the background .
A young man is in midair while skateboarding at a skate park with people watching him in the background .
Two men are in a cemetery , but only one is actively digging .
Boy wearing safety gear rides green bike through suburban streets .
Two dogs wearing racing equipment are running on muddy ground .
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake .
An architect hammers a nail ; his hard hat reads " emergency architects . "
Three men and a woman have laptops and are standing in front of a projection screen appearing to be conversing .
Two men wearing white , one with a red belt one with a blue belt fight on a blue and red mat with another man refereeing .
A lady holds a baby in a hospital room .
A man in a plaid shirt and a boy in a blue long-sleeved shirt are working together .
A group of people sit in lawn chairs at the edge of a large cliff .
A man in a black shirt holds the hand of a little girl in pigtails .
Two men on a yellow and green mat are competing in a sporting event where they have to fight and people are watching .
A man wearing a heavy coat is listening to an MP3 player while on a bus .
They are riding a bike and talking at the same time .
A girl trying not to get her picture taking on a college campus .
Children are eating various stuff at a park .
A football player running with football under his arm .
A group of people are performing a play .
A child is playing on the beach splashing water everywhere .
A child leans over a vat .
A man takes a picture out a window .
An crowded oriental marketplace set in a narrow street .
A dog is walking through an area of heavy foliage along a dirt path .
A woman in a blue tank top is bicycling on a path .
Two security guards in tan uniforms stand on the sidewalk next to a golf course .
Three men in white Target shirts work on Target booths .
A woman getting licked in the face by her dog .
Two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence .
A woman is walking on a rope by a lack as the sun sets .
A father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle .
A man and a woman are holding up signs at a protest .
Two laughing children play in the waves .
Two large dogs run in green grass with water in the background .
A large crowd watches a race car speed around a track .
A male jumping into a swimming pool .
One man handing a stack of small boxes to another man wearing a scarf and standing in a large storage compartment .
A man with a tan cowboy hat , red chaps and a leather vest is hanging on a saddle after being buck off by a horse at a rodeo show .
A man in a white shirt is standing beside a cart covered in a green tarp .
A small boat carrying two people moves through the water .
The jockey in red and blue stripes is losing the horse race .
Two men take part in a karate demonstration while a crowd looks on .
A man is walking in black shoes wearing stained clothing .
A tribal couple are standing posing for a picture and the man is holding a rifle on his shoulder .
Asian teens performing on stage .
A man in a leather vest posturing in front of a crowd .
Children climb an elaborate jungle gym .
A man is sleeping on a bench outside .
One of the members of KISS playing a white electric guitar in front of a black background .
A woman in a blue shirt is surrounded by pigeons as she sits on the grass .
Several people stand in a subway tunnel .
A lone woman in a hat is sitting outside on a bench , under a tree .
Three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table .
A woman from Kenya is wearing her country 's native colors of red , green , and black , as she is running a race in the outdoors .
An Asian woman dressed in pastel pink and teal is performing some martial arts with a female dressed in white shirt and black pants upon a floor that is also pastel teal and pink .
Two pale dogs run in grass .
A large group of people in a dimly lit room talking .
A lady in an orange shirt sits alone on a sidewalk .
A man in a gold coat has a gold bicycle in the city .
Two men are standing in front of a cash register with several items .
A dog laying on the ground looks up at the dog standing over him .
A group of people put laundry detergent into a top loading washer .
Many people in red sports jerseys walking and talking in a city street .
A man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags .
Woman is talking on a cellphone .
An elderly Asian woman is wearing a beret , sunglasses , a yellow scarf , and a plaid jacket .
Two girls and a boy rollerskating .
Three adults and three children are swimming in a public pool with one child ready to dive .
A man on a quad gives a thumbs up at a sporting event .
Highway workers examining the ground on a highway .
Several people line up their bikes against a wall .
Two people on cellphones walk down the sidewalk while a vendor stands there and a man is eating .
Two men playing the guitar while a third looks on and points
Two men smiling at the camera inside a restaurant , one is holding up a beer .
U.S. servicemen in the presence of locals cutting the ribbon to the grand opening of a new building on base .
The lady pat her dog to dry after giving it a warm bath .
The crafty black cat is caught with a mouse in his mouth .
A couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water .
A man on a park bench is looking at a woman walking by .
Two workers prepping some form of dough used for cooking .
Two people playing a game , one is in the act of throwing a small beanbag at a box in the foreground .
A boy is playing an accordion standing outside .
A man who is wearing all black is playing golf on a green field in front of a huge MasterCard sign as a huge crowd of people watch from the sidelines .
A boy turns a handcrank in a courtyard .
a woman holding a child in a purple shirt
A man with a blue shirt and gray apron cuts fish at an outdoor market .
Two men wearing jackets are standing next to a table with four clear bottles on it .
A large dog is laying on its back , outside on a blacktop , with its legs in the air .
An oriental man orating to seated students .
Two boys , one is climbing a roof , the other is bending down looking at the ground .
Two children are playing in a bin of plastic balls .
A kid hides from the camera in the overgrown bushes .
A redheaded woman sitting on a couch in a store .
A bridesmaid in a sleeveless black dress holding a bouquet of red flowers at a wedding .
Man with a guitar drinking a canned drink .
A baby with its fingers up its nose .
We see a shot of a Korean historical drama with a man in bright red and yellow costume is in the foreground .
One dog on the ground and another dog standing above it .
Children playing inside huge bubbles as they float in a large pool of water .
Two female traffic police officers peer down a cobble-stoned street .
A motorcycle has a sidecar with a dog wearing goggles in it .
a man in a white shirt is walking hand in hand with a woman also wearing white .
The lady with the red-hair , blue , orange , and maroon jacket is getting photographed by a woman wearing a blue sweater in front of a clothing store , judging by that mannequin .
A young boy getting up from under a police barrier .
An elderly Asian women rests on her shovel after a snowstorm .
A man dressed in a black blazer and a black hat is playing the trumpet .
Audiences enjoy a lively Spanish-language musical performance .
a man enjoying the day by the water , waiting to give out balloons .
A man takes a jog down the sidewalk .
The girl is taking a drink from a water fountain .
A man stands inside of a small plane .
asian boys play on a raft in a lake
A woman in a striped shirt and black hair stands facing some booths .
A little girl plays in the ocean on the beach .
The girl in blue jeans and white shirt is balancing on one leg .
A basketball game where a member of one team is dunking a basketball while the other team looks on .
A brown and white dog runs through a grassy area .
A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married .
A man in a black hoodie is jumping over a log .
Seven men are grilling hotdogs and socializing next to a fire pit .
A man in blue shorts rides a bike down a street .
A dog is running down a road .
Young dark-haired girl staring at the camera .
Two boys play hockey on a frozen pond .
A man is hawking refreshments at a sports game .
A woman at graduation without a cap on .
An old man in a hat sits and looks straight ahead .
The blond girl is wearing a silver helmet , knee pads , and Rollerblades .
A huge group of people crowing a street with hanging stars between the buildings .
Two members of a volleyball team jump up in an attempt to block the ball that was just hit by the opposing team 's player .
A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her .
A snowboarder jumps high over snow in mountain area .
A man walks down the street in front of a building with large windows , with a reflection from a car below .
A woman in blue jeans pokes an awning from underneath to make puddled rain fall to the ground in the sidewalk market area of a city .
The kids chase a huge bubble around the walkway .
Two asian cheerleaders are holding out silver pompoms .
A man looking at some papers while sitting at a table in a room with others who are at desks and looking at computers .
A woman works on a piece of computer equipment , while surrounded by a variety of mechanical and computer equipment , in what appears to be some type of laboratory workroom .
A boy pointing in a direction on a dirt road .
Foreign children crushing bricks .
These fisherman are on a boat out to sea .
Two martial artists sparring as onlooker watch .
A small girl walking through a greenhouse with a brick path .
A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .
Trombonist playing the her instrument in a band for a parade .
Two black dogs chase each other on grass .
The brown and white dog is jumping over a high wire fence .
A man works in a bike shop .
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out .
Construction workers in orange safety vests and hard hats work on a section of street in a downtown area , with Chinese-printed signs visible .
A person in a yellow ski suits jumps his long board .
Three teenage American girls hanging out after school talking about boys and wearing trendy outfits .
There are two young boys with shovels who are outside and are digging in the dirt .
A small child all bundled up in a brown coat , striped hat and blue scarf , playing in the snow behind his house with the sky as blue as the ocean .
A man and a woman are drinking from ceramic cups in front of a brick wall .
A smiling young brunette woman carries a black video camera in her hand .
A band is playing as the crowd watches at a bistro .
A shirtless man with sunglasses looks at the camera during a beach party .
Brown and black horse jumping while person in blue outfit and white cowboy hat lays on the ground
A young boy with tinted sunglasses and a blue striped shirt is leaning against a table .
Woman outside swinging a golf club at a golf ball , on water covered turf .
three black girls wearing white shirts smiling
Some school teachers are doing crafts and the others are discussing something in a colorful room .
Two brown dogs are running through the snow .
a man and woman dressed for a wedding function .
A child stands with a poster of another man along the streets of an impoverished area .
A person in a straw hat is sitting in weeds .
A nicely dressed couples stands in front of ancient ruins .
A man and a woman sit on a curb in the shade .
a woman in a green tank top sliding down a slide with her arms in the air .
A man sits outside his hotdog booth next to a construction site while reading a book .
People working in a hole searching for something
Two boys make silly poses next to a sign .
a person in pink pants playing a guitar
A crowd of people standing at an Asian gathering .
An elderly woman dressed in a jacket , gloves and sunglasses is pushing a basket on a busy city street .
A woman with a panda hat and headphones is in front of a man outside in the snow .
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .
Little girls are writing something on cards to put in a basket .
three kids playing around a fountain
A girl in a pink tank top and her boyfriend sitting on stone steps .
In this photo , a man is delivering something on his bike .
People and camels sitting and standing on beach
A man in a black shirt jumping with a coffee cup full of a beverage .
Two children facing each other and laughing .
Three people stand , ready to ski , next to a no skiing sign .
The buildings are brown and the sky is blue .
Two dogs stand back to back in the ocean .
Some people are on a snow-covered mountain holding ski poles and wearing backpacks .
Two soccer teams are playing a game .
black dogs jump in pool to a hand .
Two men , wearing blue shirts , shake hands outside the office
A young toddler and a loaf of bread are sitting in the child seat shopping card that has " Raley 's " on the handle
Three men are discussing business plans .
A man is playing at a concert .
Two woman with a stroller purchasing something from a man in a white t-shirt .
Big yellow dog rolling around on the green lawn .
Two men conversing over a meal .
A lady dressed in black wearing a matching hat stands beside a tree and a body of water .
A man with a red shirt and yellow gloves is holding a branch with leaves to the walkway .
A man with a beard putting up Christmas stockings .
People walking around a city market on a city street .
A black dog plays with a bit of ice by the frozen river .
A native girl in a green shirt readies a slingshot .
Picture of a campsite with a big green tent .
A man dressed in a yellow sports uniform and another man dressed in a red and white sports uniform holding sticks with a ball floating between them .
Two firemen in yellow helmets spraying foam .
A white dog running after a yellow ball
A woman reading a book while traveling .
A man is standing by the curb in a city .
A boxer in red lands a glancing blow off of a boxer in white .
a woman talking on the phone while drawing on a drafting table
Several people in traditional folk dress are dancing in the street .
Two men , one wearing a white vest , and the other wearing a blue polo shirt , practicing martial arts in a park .
A man in a hat sits on a rock to fish .
A lady in a black dress sitting in a waterfall .
Cub scouts standing in a straight line
A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room .
A racing car goes through a dirt course while fans watch .
A surprised man is playing a game on his computer .
A man dressed in a black t-shirt with a white alien on the front , handing out newspaper propaganda .
A young boy poses next to his window .
A man eats food in front of a street-side restaurant .
A white dog walking in the snow .
A man feeding a horse wearing a blue strapped blanket .
A man is busy doing something with the wood .
A girl on the phone among the tall cranes in the distance .
A runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch .
Firefighters hard at work .
A man dressed as a soldier carrying guns .
woman walking down a street in black pants
A boy on a BMX bike
A sidewalk flower vendor preparing to scan a customers purchase .
A man rocks out on stage with his guitar .
A trolley heading down the street
A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave .
A woman in a bikini holding a pamphlet .
A woman using a hoe near her crops on a farm .
A man lining up a shot in snooker .
Five muzzled greyhounds are running in a grassy field .
Guy on beach with weird creature .
Bare chested Black men play drums on makeshift paint buckets to a pleased crowd .
Two men are cooking as a woman looks on .
A girl with blond spiky hair and a black jacket walking along a sidewalk .
A man singing and playing guitar with his eyes closed .
The baker is working on machine .
A man wearing a turquoise shirt and black pants is sweeping the sidewalk .
A woman wearing surgical gloves is preparing to examine a boy who is in a dental chair wearing blue rimmed sunglasses .
Young boy in blue and young woman in turquoise stick their tongues out for the camera .
A man with black hair and a black mustache sitting down and putting his hand above some burning embers while holding a metal bowl .
An older woman in a green shirt leaning against a white concrete block wall that has a sign on it that says No Estacione .
Two people , one with his head above the water and the other with his head below , are swimming along side each other .
Two girls are eating on a bench .
A baseball player , wearing red , diving to catch a ball .
Dog leaps high for yellow ball as another dog waits below on grass .
People on a beach with some construction equipment .
A woman and a tee with there backs turned on a city sidewalk .
Men working with heavy equipment in a mine shaft .
A dog is walking on a beach with the sun on the horizon .
A man in a striped shirt is dancing in front of a band .
Two white dogs walk in a snowy setting
An asian man attempts to put out a wildfire with a small wooden bucket .
A bald man is on a surfboard presumably ready to catch some waves .
Two people at the top of a ski lift .
A vibrant tracker hikes through a scenic trail .
A woman is standing on a side of the line making meat , while a man is on the other side making bagels .
A shirtless male rock climber , scaling a shear cliff with a body of water in the background .
A man riding his bike down the sidewalk by a store .
A man repairs a glider on a sunny day .
The bicyclists are getting ready for the race , grabbing for their bikes , their ultimate tools for pounding their way to the finish line in this race .
A man in glasses and a black shirt reaches into a bowl while watching two animated characters dancing on television .
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth , jumps over a man .
A nervous looking woman with red-hair is working with possibly dangerous materials in a lab .
A security man guards the door as another one brings his items off .
A small child kicking a ball .
A colorful clown stands in the street , holding a trumpet , as people walk by .
A man and young boy are riding beside a Woman and young girl on carriages in the desert .
A religious protester holding a sign .
A child in a red shirt is inside a firetruck while other children look on .
A girl in a red shirt is jogging down a long stretch of asphalt .
A kid takes flight inside a multicolored balloon bounce house .
Two ladies walking down the street one wearing white , the other in black .
A woman dressed in a pink jumpsuit is performing a martial arts or dance move in an outdoor covered area .
A girl in a black cape with a group of other children
A dog runs at birds taking flight
A man in blue is interviewing a man in a suit .
Two young girls are riding beige camels as another lady wearing a purse watches .
A young boy and girl run through a walkway between buildings .
Two men dressed up standing next to each other in front of a pole .
Two soccer teams yelling at one another .
The sad state of the homeless in America .
A man with glasses replaces a watch battery while another man watches him .
A happy looking man enjoying a beverage .
A man works on a bicycle that 's set upside down in front of two cars .
Little blond girl plays in her room , wearing a tutu .
A crowd in a large city seeing the sites of the downtown lights .
A young baseball player wearing a yellow shirt and a blue helmet with " T " on it slides into home plate and the catcher , while teammate watch .
Small black dog running in grass
Thin woman with bindi , black hair and a gold watch holding a steering wheel in a blue vehicle .
A woman in sunglasses drinking bottled water .
A scientist works with a microscope while 2 businessmen and a businesswoman observe .
Two teenage boys in Hawaiian shirts , one in a jester 's hat , laugh and gesture in a locker room .
A woman standing by a bike , in front of a store and tunnel .
A man in shorts and a white garment stands at the base of stairs framed by black railing .
A boy on a tile sidewalk playing with a toy phone-car .
A woman sleeps on the subway , holding a green bag .
A man walks his dog across the street at a crosswalk .
A young boy runs in a race .
Two women riding horses , carrying the American and Canadian flags at a rodeo .
A black and white dog looks back while walking on the beach .
Baseball players walk as a group on the field , and some jump to celebrate .
Striding past a parking garage a man wearing dark gray dress pants , a light blue long-sleeved dress shirt , a slightly darker blue tie and sunglasses glances up from the papers he holds in his right hand .
A man in a striped shirt looking at the ocean .
A small child in a red coat watches the fireplace display through the storefront window of a purse store .
An old man unwrapping a present covered in newspaper , while a toddler plays with the scraps .
A man smiles as he sits inside a bathtub in a bathroom .
A group of kids are sitting next to each other on a green cloth trading materials .
Pedestrians walking past a red telephone booth on the sidewalk .
Bull rider on a wild kicking bull at the rodeo
Six people at some sort of a conference .
Two people are in this picture , and one is in the dirty water , and the other is sitting on rocks .
a young skateboarder doing tricks in the air
Five men are riding a motorized boat through a river .
three females are hanging while the other three females are walking away .
Two young girls are hugging a snowman .
A folk dancer is twirling her coral colored skirt .
a little girl in a pink coat at the beach drawing in the sand .
Actors in costumes rehearsing for a play , while a man with black hair and a white shirt sits on a stairway .
Two people sparring in a ring .
A woman with a red umbrella standing on a snowy , tree-lined street .
Two little girls in matching dresses pose with two little boys in matching outfits .
Man looking at the back of a bulldozer in a gravel field .
Two shirtless men are sparring while a line of men in white shirts and black shorts watch .
A Asian man takes a ride on his motorcycle on a brick roadway .
An elderly woman in a hospital gown and a young woman writing with a pen .
A boy on a deck with a red bucket on his head .
A big dog chases a little dog on the grass .
Elderly gentlemen with shopping bag outside entrance to strip club .
Little kids are playing a game of tug-of-war .
Two people are cleaning windows from opposite sides while looking at one another .
A young man is sweeping the sidewalk with a red handled broom .
A man holding a large brown bag stands in front of an entryway , by a large advertisement featuring a child wearing headphones .
A person playing a trumpet in a band .
A man wearing a red windbreaker holds up his bicycle and is smiling .
A skier is coming down the slope and stirring up a lot of snow behind him .
A hiker is standing by a mound of rocks on the path .
A man in a blue t-shirt and a face-mask works with hooks .
A group of people walk on a pathway near the lakeside .
People riding bikes in a town while traffic goes by over the water .
A disk jockey mixes the music as girls dance behind him .
A woman speaks to a child while she studies on the floor .
People dressed as doctors are in an operating room setting .
A little boy is splashing around in the water in a kiddie pool .
The black dog waring a red collar is running through the water with a ball in its mouth .
Three men are cooking in a kitchen .
A young couple , in wedding attire , standing at the top of a knoll .
A shirtless man catches a football
Six men are looking at a cement hole in the ground and talking next to a backhoe .
Two older men converse standing in an old-fashioned , paved alley bordered with brightly colored buildings .
A young man drives a motorcycle taxi through the streets .
People are sitting down and talking in the shade .
three dogs walk near the fountain .
A woman in a yellow jacket skis in the snow .
A black dog splashes through greenish water .
A man carving meat in the kitchen .
People setting up to sell on the street their food .
A man working on a circuit board
Stretching high in the air , the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away .
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin , long , blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera .
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene .
The boys play basketball .
People are balancing on top of beams that are coming out of a John . F Hunt owned Genpac generator .
A man stares into the window of a big yellow truck that is parked in the road .
A person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road .
A group of people are talking to each other in a bar .
A group of four children poke at two small turtles in the grass .
A candid shot of a boat marina during the day .
People are hanging out in the town square .
A woman wearing a hat , sunglasses , and a black jacket is sitting on the ground with a purse right next to her .
A child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing .
Two dogs running across a green field with two white animals in the background .
An older woman smiling as she holds a young girl with a gleeful smile and a dirty face .
A dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth .
A man is jumping a rock on an orange dirt bike .
Two dogs are running in a field .
A woman in a black dress is walking in the street .
Several people are riding on a roller coaster while reacting to going through a loop in various ways .
Women in blue dress singing on stage .
Cheerleaders on a field practicing a move .
There is a little boy ready to hit the tennis ball , holding a racquet .
a lady in bikini playing beach volleyball
A dog is running in the ocean beside the beach .
One young man is wearing a hat and protective goggles while snowboarding .
A man and a baby sitting on a blanket on the lawn .
A black and tan dog in a orange jacket laying in the snow .
These people are having a wrestling match .
Man in suits stands at podium and speaks .
Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .
A boy with a huge smile on hid face , in a flower field .
A man towing a car reaches around a tire to make sure that it is secure .
Man in white shirts and khaki pants rests head in hand .
Couple number 116 in the dance contest wear bright pink costumes for their routine .
A man in a blue hat stands next to a large brick wall .
Man is skim boarding and getting a lot of air .
A man wearing a black baseball cap and headphones reaches into his shirt pocket .
Two people fold a parachute after they have landed in a field .
Two dogs one black the other brown on a sandy ground the tan dog is behind the black dog .
A girl walking towards eleven steps .
An older man is playing a video arcade game .
A baseball player sitting on a pipe with a stain on his knee .
A brown dog is carrying a stick in his mouth across an ice covered pond .
A little boy is going to throw a ball on the beach .
Three women sit in a village .
Man sleeping on the street .
A man in a red hat and shirt is throwing the ball .
One woman delivers a lecture with a powerpoint to a large group of woman , with predominantly black hair .
A man is playing guitar in the street for a small crowd .
A bride is standing under an umbrella outside of a limo while being filmed .
A white crane flies over water .
A man in a black hat holding a small device with his mouth open .
a woman holding a fan at a martial arts event
A skateboarder making a jump .
a man sitting in the grass , playing his guitar , wearing a red shirt
One man lays down on a lawn table in the background while an older lady stands , looking down in the foreground
The woman is wearing a pair of eyeglasses and a bandanna .
Children watch a bicyclist perform on a tightrope .
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence .
Three people running through the mud with people in the background .
A couple dancing at the prom .
A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat .
A young adult wearing rollerblades , holding a cellular phone to her ear .
A little boy playing on the monkey bars .
a dog swimming in some water where there are some ducks swimming also
A person in a hooded shirt is photographing a tree near some mountains and a lake .
A group of people in two boats with 1 guy in Green standing up .
Two white women dancing among a group of other people outdoors .
A young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses .
A man in a white tank top stands next to a rack of colorful clothes in a grassy field filled with vendors .
A person wearing a white shirt and beads holding a pole .
A driver is operating a street car .
A group of girls in dresses dancing .
a man dressed in a batman costume .
Busy street with pedestrians in Japan .
A man is taking a picture of a woman on a crowded street .
An adult sweeping stone staircase outdoors .
A man is singing on stage while a woman plays the guitar .
a little girl learns to surf with an instructor .
Man racing his dirt bike in a motor cross race .
A woman wearing white pulls blocks of cheese off of a conveyor .
A man is sitting down in a shop .
A little girl playing in a pile of leaves outside .
There are a lot of people crowded around a blue sign .
Band playing in front of a crowd .
The chefs are standing behind the dessert table .
People talking , listening to their music waiting in a train station to get somewhere .
A line forms outside a mobile sharping truck with various items in hand .
A man holds a blue notebook while he waits on the train platform .
Young injured veterans in wheelchair and their able bodied mates .
Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob .
A turbaned man in a canoe filled with something green floating in water .
five individuals in pretending to be zombies and one infant .
Three professional men in suits stand around talking .
Three people , two holding a net and one with a bag , in a muddy body of water .
People are going up and down on three escalators .
A girl in sunglasses sits in the branches of a tree .
A man in a white shirt dunks a basketball when a small crowd looks on .
A rock climber uses sophisticated equipment to rappel down the side of a cliff .
People standing and walking in a flea market .
A little boy with a green shirt is running on a rock ledge .
people dressed up in zombie costumes are standing around .
The snowboarder in the blue pants is performing a trick .
Many people stand on an overpass looking over .
A man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers .
Blond man sitting at a table wearing a blue sweatshirt .
A gathering of people sit around a table and play cards .
A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .
an old male photographer is taking a picture .
A gas station and a car on fire .
A man in a tall red hat is riding on a green tractor and waving to spectators .
A group of men in suits are playing tubas .
Young man with a blue shirt on and rollerblades performs a trick off the wall .
A woman is stand in the middling of a circular floor with numbers around the edge
A guy on a snowboard .
BMX rider soaring off a ramp in front of a crowd
Two men in green shirts are standing in a yard .
The boys are playing a game of soccer on their neighborhood street .
A street musician sitting playing guitar with an open case and a sign reading " TELL ME WHY MY MUSIC SUCKS " .
A white-haired man is staring at a metal rod .
A man in a blue plastic chair peels a vegetable into a bowl set on another blue plastic chair .
An older woman sits at a table wearing a purple blazer awaits her dish of pasta .
A woman in a pink bikini next to a man in brown .
People are walking on the street , and cars are standing on the intersection for the red light .
A young man playing the guitar .
A gymnast stretches on the mat .
Two people film on a snowy day .
Three people are taking a photograph of a young woman sitting in the middle of the street .
Two older women are walking in shallow water .
The two friends are laughing and having a good time .
Three men in wearing black jacket and holding microphone standing behind a desk .
A woman in gray sitting with her hands up .
Four uniformed firemen are standing close to a red firetruck .
People constructing a house 's bamboo frame .
A black dog on a rocky beach .
A person wearing a helmet and racing gear is jumping a four wheeler on a dirt track .
A man crosses the street next to a light rail station .
The boy is clutching the football and making a run for a touchdown while looking behind him .
A boy standing in water is holding a yellow football .
A man on a very tall unicycle entertains the crowd .
Two men climb a set of stairs .
A young woman is selling odd toys and fruit along side a street .
A young girl laughs and waves her arms while sitting in front of a multicolored birthday cake .
some people sitting around a table , one yawning .
A person wearing a mask with on shoes on playing music on the street side .
A smiling girl , wearing a red top , sits in front of her fruit plate .
A brunette woman in a brown sweater is looking at the camera through heavily lidded eyes while a man in a black cap and glasses behind her rests his forehead in his hand and looks down at a table in front of wrestling posters .
Three men having a conversation outside of store .
Twins in orange shirts jumping on a trampoline .
People wearing peacock uniforms who are about to perform a dance of some kind .
6 people are gathered around to eat a big dinner .
Little boy posing for a picture in the snow .
A band plays in front of a brick wall
The rider is driving their motorcycle .
People with a large pink inflatable made of star shapes .
A group of men play instruments on a stage .
Road workers work on a road near a railroad crossing .
A construction worker walks near a backhoe tearing up a street .
A lady in a red shirt is with a child in a blue shirt at a playground .
The boy in the orange shirt looks backwards .
A man is barbecuing hotdogs and hamburger patties on a large grill .
A group of people with a woman in a black dress , an older woman in a beige blouse , a man in a blue collared shirt and another in a red and brown striped shirt , and a younger girl in a black dress are sitting together .
Some men and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy area .
Young child on park bench eating snacks from a bag of chips .
A person in a dark top and light pants walks past a white building .
A woman in a red shirt hugs a young girl in a black , one-piece swimsuit while in a man in a red shirt stands to the side .
A dog , wearing a coat , looks up from the snow .
Three men leaning on a rail , all wearing matching red vests .
A guy in a blue vest lunging at a guy in a white shirt on a sporting field .
A man and a woman in front of a mirror , she smiles as he kisses her cheek .
Two women talk to each other outside .
The older man and the boy are walking on a busy street .
Five , casually dressed people sit around a table going over papers .
An older man is trying to figure out what a sewing machine is .
two people are laughing inside of an asian nightclub .
A brown dog drinks from a body of water .
Two large black dogs , one small black dog , and one large white dog are standing in some snow .
A young girl on a blue and yellow merry-go-round , with a blurry background .
A woman walks by a tall black door .
A young man is doing a skating trip on a skateboard ramp .
A group of power workers at the site of a car crash .
Two men and a boy standing in front of a brick building look up .
A woman walks down a city street with an umbrella .
A bearded man wearing a black cap , a black short-sleeve shirt , and blue pants is carrying a bag with a Union Jack pattern and walking past the Mooch Art art gallery in Manchester , Great Britain .
Parasailing under the Golden Gate bridge .
A cat sits in a trolley cart while people pass on the street .
A man with a red hat on sits on a stool on the side of the road .
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing .
Man in suit sitting next to wall of VHS taped .
a group of policeman in front of a glass building
Two men fight in a martial arts competition .
Girl with red-hair modeling .
A woman and a man sit on a bench against a wall with somber expressions .
A bride and groom kiss under the bride 's veil .
A group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .
Three people climb on a large rock .
The man without a shirt is sitting on a rock by a tree .
Catching the big wave , riding the sea .
A man is waist deep in a river casting a net .
A man gives out literature on the street corner .
Workers are working and chatting in the middle of a street .
Two brown dogs in a grassy field , one jumping for a ball .
A large group of women sew and knit in a cafe .
Woman and child blowing out a candle on a cupcake in a restaurant .
Two women with head coverings run next to a tree in the sand .
A man in a scary old man mask , a woman , and a child in front of a cafe .
Stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase .
A woman blowing on a hot beverage while sitting at a table on the sidewalk .
A woman dressed in indigenous clothing plays a drum with a stick while others watch her groups perform .
One very tired fisherman .
A man wearing blue pants is standing on a ladder , working on building the roof of a dome on a white building .
Three people gather around a table for beverages .
A short-haired woman wearing a blue coat and green skirt sits on the ground behind a red blanket , welling her wares .
In this photo we have two soccer players going for a header .
A safety patrol man holds his hat while many people are behind him .
Children skating while people watch on the side .
A woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water .
Women with a yellow shirt talking to an older man .
A boy sits in a toy car while drinking from his sippy cup .
A brown , black , and white dog barking up a tree .
People are sitting at a cozily lit French restaurant .
Asian school children presenting a group project together .
Two ladies are selling fruits and produce on the street .
A clown with a yellow wig and shirt and multicolored suspenders holds an orange balloon in both hands while a child in a black hat looks on .
A baseball player places himself in the trajectory of an oncoming baseball .
Children look at a statue of a woman carrying a grocery bag .
A dog jumping over a beam
Male food worker grills meat on a stick .
A man in green is checking on some kind of plant that appears to have green tomato-like vegetables .
a dog runs through the grass .
There is a lot of people outside watching a girl jump rope .
A female soccer player throws the ball into play .
A lone man sits in a dark room before a desk , reading an internet article on the computer .
Super sexy biker all in pink gets his ride on during a race .
A couple walking down the street .
A woman in a black and white shirt is standing in front of palm trees .
a skateboarder ollies .
Men in orange doing clean up beside of a subway .
Young spots fans are sitting on the ledge of a large fountain .
A young girl has a green plastic bib , girl in purple is in the kitchen behind her .
an old lady organized fabric
A red-haired girl in a boat wearing a blue life vest is holding a fishing pole .
A man in orange shorts , knee pads and a helmet , moves quickly on a street course .
A golden retriever is playing with a smaller black and brown dog in a pink collar .
A truck with a crane and 3 workers on it is in front of a construction project that has a green covering .
A man in a white shirt hold a blue candle against a pedestal .
Female in a pink tutu and pink boxing gloves performing in a chained off area .
Manila children playing in spraying water on street while others watch .
A smiling little boy jumps up to a toy basketball hoop .
A man with sunglasses on top of his head is playing a slot machine .
A group of people is in a station house where Thomas the Tank Engine is in front of them .
A man cuts a block of ice with a chainsaw while standing in front of a red building .
Two older men in front of a bus .
Male gymnast on the rings .
A group of women all dressed the same are carrying the same looking item .
two men in white helmets , standing outside a building .
A group of people lay in the park .
A man is sitting on the street playing drums on buckets .
Two men and a woman sit at a bar table drinking glasses of beer .
People are running on a street in the cold .
A woman riding a horse is chasing a cow .
Three orange rickshaws at rest at the side of the street , with a man sitting in the each of the front two .
a group of greyhound dogs in a race leaving the gate
Children sitting on a elephant in the woods .
An officer is standing in front of a white structure .
A pitcher stands on the mound .
A child flying a kite .
A boy is checking a system on the computer .
Someone enjoying taking a picture of a midway at a permanent entertainment venue .
A black dog shakes itself dry on the beach in front of the waves .
A man smiles as he sits in a cubicle and types on a computer .
One man is sitting on top of a school bus , while another man , wearing a matching shirt , is standing inside .
A small boy is crying in a park while a small girl looks on .
A woman in heels and a yellow dress walks down a public street .
Two women are posing for a photo with two men dressed in costume .
Two businessmen are talking with a woman in the background .
A man and child in front of a billboard
A tan dog plays with a tennis ball while rolling around in the grass .
Two men are standing in front of a protest sign resting on a red electric box .
People shopping in a market with lots of fruits .
A group of girls practicing dance moves on a gymnasium court
Several young girls stand in a rural road .
The young girl enjoys the swing at the carnival .
A blond woman touches a sewing machine while a child in a green hat looks on .
A woman in a coat reclines next to a pay phone .
A few men are participating in MMA fighting .
A man attending a trade show is looking through a telescope at a booth there .
A little girl with flowing long hair is looking at the leaves on a bush .
Two boys try to eat a banana and an apple on the couch , but they are distracted by astonishment .
A crying child attempting to ride a skateboard is assisted by a adult male .
There are two girls dressed in exercise clothing obviously doing an exercise on a beach .
A group pf people and their pets walk down a train track
Twelve women in red bikinis on a sandy area at the Beijing 2008 Olympics .
Many jewish men in a city .
A man with a beard in a gray suit and brown shirt standing in a marketplace .
Two men carrying a canoe down a steep incline .
The football player is preparing to make a play with onlookers nearby .
A person is walking on a busy street while wearing a backpack .
Workers in hard hats perform work on pathway .
A woman who is dressed up in a costume giving something to a little boy .
Two women sitting on a bench looking across the street .
An elderly woman checks her cellphone while standing on the curb .
A dog knocking over potted plants in a yard covered in leaves .
The woman talks on her cellular phone while walking on a city street .
The little boy with his tan pants leg rolled up seems to be occupied by looking down at his shoes as his mom sports a beautiful black purse and pink top with matching head cover .
A young girl brushes her teeth while her baby sibling lays on the couch .
A man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering .
A man wearing a white collared shirt with a tie is holding sunglasses and a piece of paper .
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain .
A young girl in a white shirt and green skirt looking at books .
A man in a black shirt and white shorts breakdances in front of onlookers .
A group of women wearing kimono 's talk together .
Three women in a room drinking and having conversation .
A woman in a white shirt walks with a shirtless , tattooed man .
Young children at a martial arts competition , at a school gymnasium .
two kids are shoveling snow and one is sitting next to the pile of snow
A man sits on the sidewalk while repairing a bike .
A white statue is showing a woman caressing her hair .
A woman is hoping that she has tagged the runner to take her out of the play .
A light-blue shirted athlete gets ready to receive the pass in the midst of his gray shirted opponents .
A black dog with a brown muzzle swimming in water .
A child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar .
An older woman mourns at a military cemetery .
A child with a sports shirt on is playing with some rocks .
A young lady is performing yoga along with the rest of her class .
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball .
Children climbing an old tree in front of a brick building .
The black dog is wearing a purple collar with a black leash as he is running .
A person reaches for a large gray dog while a black dog trails .
Painters on scaffolds paint the inside of a subway terminal .
A city street with a telephone booth , passing cars , a parked bicycle , and a blond woman with a purse and young girl with a backpack walking away .
A man in a white shirt and khaki pants crouches on a fallen tree trunk .
Two people are kissing and the women is trying to take a picture of something from her camera .
A girl in a striped shirt leads a brown horse across a suburban street .
A man and a woman enjoying the sunset on the pier .
A family is observing a flying show .
A woman in blue is reading .
man in silhouette casts net into water .
Several people are crossing on an overhead walkway , while one man is sitting on a white bench in a park beneath the walkway .
A man in a red shirt is sitting on the grass , and a ball is flying towards him .
Four people are sitting at a table on the side of a street .
Someone walking down a path in the woods .
Men in uniform run along a track .
A guy is rock climbing .
A group of workers working on a train track .
People take kick-boxing lessons in the park .
A few men and kids walking down an oriental side street .
A man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone .
A man in a black shirt , and black shorts is walking down the street , holding hands with a woman in a black sundress .
two racing motorcycles side by side on the road .
A motorcycle rider is in midair in front of a crowd .
An older man on a ladder tends to plants .
A man and two small children together in a pool .
Three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field , while another player and an adult stand in the background .
A man talking on a call phone is getting his shoes shined while he sits upon a blue work cart .
Two children playing in the snow .
Four guys in cowboy hats are sitting at a table out in a pasture .
A man behind a counter looks on as two men on the other side of the counter fill out forms .
Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background , by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .
Two athletes wrestle on the floor of a gymnasium as several others stand near .
Three men are standing in a police boat with many rocks behind them .
People are playing a drum .
Street performers entertaining a captive audience with musical instruments .
A man in black clothes standing on what appears to be a black locomotive .
The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing .
A tall clock tower protrudes over a narrow alley street .
People are playing foosball .
Caucasian female with a red wool hat , khaki pants , gray jacket and brown hiking boots , a heavy camping bag across her back with a water bottle inside pocket sleeve .
A young kid wearing a helmet is riding a 4-wheeler through the mud .
A man wearing a helmet and life-vest kayaking in the water .
A man cutting open a fruit with a large knife .
A girl in an aqua jacket walks down a long road surrounded by shrubs .
A tanned girl wearing sunglasses is looking to her side .
A man in a green hat is sleeping .
a black dog is looking at the tabby cat that is sitting by the window .
A gritty urban street scene shows a wall of buildings decorated with posters , street art , and graffiti , including a man in black beckoning to the viewer with the words " more fire " hovering next to him .
A woman is petting a dog outside .
people raise their phones in a nightclub while listening to a band .
A girl in motion on snow-covered ground .
A woman purchases food from a street vendor .
A group of firemen in fire suits and oxygen tanks looking down into a manhole .
A man in a white hard hat pulls a sea probe that is hoisted over the side of the boat .
A man in green and white skin tight clothes , and a red and white bicycle helmet is riding a bicycle in front of some yellow fencing and orange and black cones .
Woman putting orange rose in man 's jacket .
A woman is riding her water bike .
A man on a stage that was backlit in purple , with instruments and lights in the background and a man handing a young lady , in the front row , something white .
Cars drive down a city street .
A man and a woman are sitting down and eating .
Young girl in green shirt eats a green apple on the street .
A group of people are sitting outside a cafe drinking coffee and juice .
Two members of a security teams walk a street in sunny weather .
A very old woman stands gazing at the camera next to a dock .
Two guys in shorts jumping .
A little girl plays in a ball pit while her family looks on .
A man and woman sit together on public transportation .
A man in a red jacket and goggles is skiing in a flurry of snow .
A man is taking a swing with his axe in front of chopped wood .
A group of girls are riding on a roller coaster .
Four people sit on a park bench while one plays guitar .
A basketball player is making a jump shot with an opposing player in the foreground .
kids in orange life vests on sitting in a black raft
Man sitting in yellow car in the sun , wiping forehead .
A man holding an orange flashlight .
Two woman , one brunette and the other a blond , embrace each other closely , touching their faces .
An asian girl is flashing the peace-sign .
A woman teaching young children by sticking images on a board .
A person in reflective gear is riding a white horse on a cobblestone city street .
This man is working with an I-pad .
A man dressed up as a sailor holding tickets and posing on the sidewalk .
Two adult llamas sitting , while one baby llama rubs against its parent and another rubs against its owner
A black dog and a white dog wrestle .
A person wearing a white tank top is holding a microphone .
A woman is sitting on a beach with her shoes off and on a cellphone talking , scratching her shoulder , while a group of 5 other people are walking in the background .
A rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents .
A lot of people standing and socializing with each other .
A girl opening her bottled drink while having lunch with a friend .
A team on a soccer field .
A brown and white dog standing in a yard .
Little girls do cartwheels in a large , empty room with folding chairs to one side .
A younger girl holds up a yellow " Free Car wash " sign along the edge of a road .
A man walks by a large photo of a person squeezing their own cheeks .
A bike rider is airborne with a daytime sky in the background .
Two women in very colorful costumes stand next to a man dressed in all white .
A young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront , dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols .
A man is taking pictures by the water .
Soccer players standing around during a stoppage for an injured player .
A father in black shorts and his son are walking down the beach .
A van is painted in bright colored lettering advertising floats , boogie boards , umbrellas , chairs , and surfboards for rent .
An innocent child exploring what nature has to offer
Man wearing a number 13 jersey is up to bat in a baseball game .
A man in a hat plays the guitar .
A dark-skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
A young man , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grill .
The black dog jumps out of the snow to catch an object .
A man walking on a side walking passing the space between two buildings .
A group of cyclists is pausing nearby a green and tan sign .
A policeman is checking out his motorcycle .
A young boy leaps from one couch to another .
Some adults play Cricket on a nice day .
Girl waiting at the airport .
A lot of people are standing facing their backs to the camera with hot pink signs posted on their back .
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans attempts to climb a rock .
The custodian in green scrubs empties a trashcan at a shopping mall .
A man in a black vest is playing a guitar and another man playing a guitar beside him .
A large blue building has black smoke billowing out and a fire engine sits in front .
Many people are shopping at an outdoor market .
A brown dog is running between two gray poles that are very close together .
People in pink shirts walking in a parade .
Blond win sunglasses singing .
four people in what looks like a back alley are walking while one sits down .
A man wearing a red , one and tan hat holding a brown rooster .
A lady in a red shirt and two young boys sit around a table eating and drinking .
a child in a red coat is holding an armful of snow in front of a house .
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball .
A dark colored man is holding a protest banner in a busy city street with people staring from behind .
The waterskier does a flip behind a boat .
Children play in a sprinkler near a beach .
A bunch of seniors gathered in one area .
Two black and white dogs walking on dirt , one of which has a ball in its mouth .
Two little wiener dogs are running on the grass carrying a red ball between them .
Three young adults look towards the camera in a school setting .
A group of Indian boys giving the peace sign .
A man smiles for the camera as he watches his friend work on a television beside him .
A man in a work uniform passing a tool to another person .
A young man wearing a backpack is carrying a white , cardboard box .
Two small dogs chasing a red striped ball .
Blond woman with a pink helmet is sitting on a motorcycle .
3 men in the water on bamboo rafts .
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill .
Snowboarder jumps off rail over snowpile .
Two men are examining a bike tire outside while a woman watches from the porch .
A surfer on a yellow surfboard is splashing up water onto another surfer .
A dark-haired boy smiles while laying next to two other kids .
A man stands outside the entrance to a business , using his cellphone while his briefcase and helmet sit on the ground .
A boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a couch with other people .
A man in a black jacket plays a black electric guitar and sings .
man wearing a blue short and a woman wearing a glasses on a dock
A man in a striped shirt holds dozens of balloons outside a building .
A rollerblader is jumping over a blue barrel .
A man at a sporting even dressed in green and yellow is smiling .
A pitcher in a red and white uniform is throwing a baseball .
A man in a green and white " Irish " baseball uniform is lunging forward as though to throw the ball underhand as an older man in umpire 's uniform looks on .
Female sign holders take refuge under umbrellas during a rainstorm .
A bigger man with a gray shirt and sweatband going down the stairs where another guy in glasses and an orange shirt is standing .
Woman drilling holes into a rock .
Two workers help customers at the Sonoma Artisan Sourdough Baker stand .
A man skiing in the mountains
Man sitting on a bench by the shoreline tying his shoe .
A man wearing a blue helmet is rock climbing .
Men in red hats aboard a ship are preparing food .
A person canoeing on water with a black background .
Chinese traditional vehicle with their specials .
Two men with beards are walking .
Closeup of a man cycling down a road lined with boulders .
Two elderly people wearing coats , having a discussion outside .
A crowd of Asian people standing in line to buy tickets at the window .
A man is riding on the back of a garbage truck .
Crowd watches couples dance at an outdoor event .
A young boy examines a field of pumpkins , with some already in his wheelbarrow .
A blond women in a dress carrying a white purse walks past a window front .
Man standing against a building with a metal fence .
People walking around a forklift .
A little boy lies down on a picnic table bench .
Cars and motorcyclists drive down a street lined with aged buildings .
One woman holds a pen , about to write on a piece of paper held by another woman .
An asian woman wearing a blue coat and pink sweater holds a silver bead up to examine it .
Two kids standing between two red cars .
A busy women in black and white color dress is crossing the road .
Three women jumping in front of a body of water .
A woman with brown curly hair , holding sunglasses , standing in a crowd .
Motorcycles providing transportation for courageous women .
Two women in tight jeans walk down a city street , one carrying a shopping bag .
A man in a blue and white shirt is making pottery .
Two brown dogs are playing with each other on the grass , with one dog laying on its side .
Older man getting his shoes shined while reading a paper .
A child running through water outside at a park .
Two Indian women pouring water into their cups .
Two men , arms crossed , with brown and blue jackets are having a discussion on a corner with a graffiti covered building behind them .
A large woman in a blue shirt holds the paw of a large dog .
A man is playing a guitar on the sidewalk .
A group of people starting out , from the start gate , on a 5K event .
Four persons walk down a wet street .
Three athletes holding bouquets stand on the victory podium .
A male teacher is instructing his class of young children .
A man wearing white winds up to throw .
A marching band performs in an auditorium
A man sitting on the floor next to a broom an bucket .
Men wearing orange safety vest are working on street repairs .
a group of girls sitting together talking .
Two boys are squirting water guns at each other .
Women in long dresses walk along a beach .
An adult female is holding a baby close to her with both arms .
The boat-man is working on an uncompleted boat .
The kid is getting onto the horses back by holding onto its hair .
A man and woman are walking down the street holding hands .
Three barefoot dancers wearing spider-web costumes lie on the floor and scream .
A black woman working on threads on a sophisticated contraption to hold it all .
A band on stage signing to a group of fans .
People crossing the street in a busy downtown area with backpacks .
There are two guys in blue uniforms standing outside at a soccer goal .
A baseball player with # 22 on his uniform swings at a ball .
A woman demonstrates how to operate a vacuum cleaner while others watch .
girls laughing and wearing coat
A woman is jogging in the opposite direction of a group of bicyclists along a narrow road .
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow .
Three men move across construction rafters on a building .
A baseball player is running the bases .
Boy in orange , jumping off a rusted colored pipe , into sand .
A little boy is playing with the Autumn leaves .
A man with no short and red pants is laying down on a sidewalk .
A child holds his hand out to his right .
Lots of people eating in a restaurant .
A woman in a cowboy hat is holding a cup .
A group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields .
A toddler boy wearing overalls plays with flour with a bottle of Crisco at his feet in a kitchen .
Three women are jogging on a path .
A man in a red shirt and wearing a white bandanna on his head is sitting on a sound stage .
Two young boys are climbing on a scaffold .
A man in a blue coat is propelled on his sled by two dogs .
Two workmen with a wheelbarrow for mixing cement for building a stone wall .
A young woman holds a beer during a party in a messy bedroom .
Two men in baseball caps applying mortar to a wall .
A woman and a little girl baking .
Two men sitting on the roof of a house while another one stands on a ladder .
People of all ages in hats are paying attention to a person in a blue shirt .
Three firemen clearing a building .
A bald man in a white t-shirt is standing at a bar next to a white leashed dog .
Three small children in yellow shirts and one in a red shirt are rollerblading on a shiny marble courtyard .
Two men in sunglasses are sitting cross-legged on the floor and one is holding a piece of electrical wire in gloved hands .
A brown dog and a red dog frolicking on the waters edge on the beach .
Someone holding a little girl hanging upside down .
A man in a crowd is expressing his opinion .
A young boy , wearing a colorful t-shirt , runs through a street fountain located on a riverfront .
Two competitors compete at a martial arts tournament .
A group of rollerbladers is lined up on the street .
Five white and white and brown , muzzled dogs run across a green , grassy lawn .
A woman in a pink shirt painting the american flag currently working on the stars part of the flag .
A group of people wearing matching orange uniforms walk down a street with cars parked on the side
Grandmother and grandchild walking home hand in hand on the green grass .
A dancer wearing white shirt and shorts is photographed by a man also wearing white .
A man in a plaid shirt and jeans is at a campsite with a tripod .
a brown dog jumps over a chain .
Three people walk down the street with a camera in hand .
Two young women in denim , polo shirts and sandals walk together .
Man walking while using his phone and woman with shorts on crossing street .
People on a peer watching the sun go down .
Clown standing across the street from a large group of people .
The green hula hoop soars through the air as the young lady watches for its landing .
A girl wearing pink and red walks among flying pigeons .
A yellow bus with No 3113 on the bus stop and people hopping in .
A jockey , all in white , jumps a horse over a fence .
A man on stilts walking through a pleased crowd .
A band in white hats and gloves plays with a stadium a people in behind them .
A boy gives being in the snow two thumbs up .
Man surfing with a seagull in the foreground .
Catcher crouches behind baseball hitter .
There is a person jumping off of a stone bridge into the water below .
A young women 's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise .
Villagers celebrating a holiday in the street while wearing festive clothing .
A little boy is sitting in a car seat , in the bathtub .
One man playing soccer while a person in the background watches .
Six kids sitting in a circle while a woman watches over them .
A black dog runs across the water at a beach while another follows .
A man parachutes through the air while waving an American flag .
A man bicycles down the street and points his finger
A yard laborer is cutting grass with a push lawn mower buy a busy street and a parking lot .
A red-haired bearded man wearing a blue t-shirt .
A boy with a green cap and red jacket is helping a man with a brown coat that is laying on the floor .
A band performs in a dimly lit setting .
spectators watching what appears to be a surfing contest
Two dogs swimming with a stick .
There is a dog licking its chops .
A woman in a black bikini enjoys a frolic by the seaside with her zebra shaped balloon .
Six spectators watching a dirt racing car pass by in a cloud of dust .
Many people eating at a banquet .
A soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater .
Five young girls wading and splashing in a shallow pool .
The man wearing a hat and headset is taking a photo .
A group of people are camping out on some rocks .
A dog running toward the camera with a man in the background
A dog runs through the snow .
A young boy dressed in a blue t-shirt and swimming shorts jumps , with arms open , into the ocean .
A barefoot girl in swim goggles and a flowered bathing suit rides a plastic train pedal toy .
A man in a gray t-shirt and light blue jeans on a sidewalk , with a man in a white shirt and black shorts clapping in the background .
many birds sit on a ledge .
A couple gazing out into the ocean from a bridge .
A man is falling off of his surfboard as he falls into a wave in the ocean .
An ump in black watches a baseball game .
A group of three dogs running across a rocky , sandy beach .
Women celebrating a birthday with cake .
Women in market behind flower stand .
A man in a white coat and blue shirt is preparing some kabobs on a skewer .
A woman is sitting on a stool and playing a guitar with a smile on her face .
A group of people is on a ferry headed toward a city with skyscrapers .
A group of fishermen holding a net looking at a small batch of caught fish .
People dressed in pants walking through a large building .
A kid with a blue shirt squeezing soap into his hand .
A young woman wearing a red shirt and reddish pink skirt standing in the doorway of an old blue concrete building .
Two people stand outside of a gate .
A nun on her cellphone .
A girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs .
Two men are selling asparagus from a farm stand to a lady .
Many people , one in a red hat , are walking down a busy city street .
Women painting mural on wall .
I woman in a red halter dances to guitar music .
A young man , dressed in black , pours a drink for an elderly women .
A man in a red and white striped shirt and black jacket holds his hand up to a sign that says " Playboy . "
A woman in a black shirt proudly is holding up a freshly baked pie .
A young man takes aim in a carnival game .
Two young men write in their journals in an airport .
A person walks across the street while a rainbow shines in the background .
A rollerblader skates down a ramp with his arms in the air .
A woman wearing sunglasses and a white coat checking her phone .
Two elderly men pose for a picture outdoors .
Two women wearing long white shirts are working with yarn .
men and women are gathered at a cluttered store , clothes hung on racks are scattered throughout
A man steps onto a sidewalk .
Two women laying on grass with a dog .
A young boy in a black jacket is running towards a woman with outstretched arms .
dogs playing in a stream
A man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone .
A child retrieves something from his desk in his empty classroom .
A small white dog is playing with a bigger brown dog in the woods .
Man in striped pants and mustard yellow shirt sits at a outside table at a restaurant .
A woman shows another woman a young boys shirt with a picture of Spider Man on it .
A boy in a white shirt and yellow shorts walks in a crosswalk at night .
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent .
four men sit on a stage playing woodwind instruments looking at the four music stands in front of them which have the words The Thistle on them .
A man with glasses looks at something in a church .
A circus worker showing her talent in her pink and blue uniform .
A man gets ready to throw a ball for a dog .
A female swimmer coming up for air as she does the butterfly stroke .
A young female tennis player wearing a blue hat is waving to her fans .
The woman wearing a hijab is driving a scooter .
There are two bike racers , the one in the front is wearing black and white ; and the one towards the black is in red white and blue .
a man riding a bike through the forest
A group hikes across a stream .
People are browsing in a very colorful shop at a mall .
A man dressed in black and a woman in red dancing outside .
A woman in a headscarf is weaving a rug on a hand loom .
A young teenage woman walking .
A girl in a sweater is drawing or coloring in a notebook .
A man in a red and white striped shirt wearing a headlamp is working on a device with different colored wires .
A group of people putting on layers of clothes for the cold winter .
Several men helping each other pull in a fishing net .
A woman with glasses is sitting in front of her laptop in a library .
A man of the street taking a nap resting his head on a rock . While
A bearded man in a long-sleeve shirt is singing with a microphone .
A stage full of people at a festival .
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out .
A skull of rowers on a lake .
A woman is looking at something that is being illuminated by two light bulbs .
A baseball player has made an intense play to get to a base , while the defender has lost his balance .
A group of people in a yard , with big white bags being removed or placed in 2 blue vehicles .
A native American band plays instruments under a tent .
The yellow greyhound runs along the track muzzled .
A woman is dressed up with forks attached to her head and body .
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk .
A young girl and older person are sitting near the top of a rock formation .
A skier traveling downhill through mostly untouched snow .
A young man in a navy blue t-shirt and white shorts holds a casserole in a kitchen .
A woman in a green dress looking at another woman 's ring on a street .
A road crew in a South American city clearing debris off the sidewalk .
A young girl in a purple sari walks with her friend in red .
Here is a man wearing a gray hat with a flower boutonniere raising his glass .
A group of people in blue shirts and black shorts are in the water .
The home team comes running out on to the football field .
A large cruise ship passes by a beach where sunbathers recline under yellow umbrellas .
Two boys , one in a red and one in a white uniform , fight for control over the ball during a soccer match .
A blond woman wearing a helmet , gray jacket , black pants , and a purse , stands on her motorbike in a parking lot .
A group of women holding some type of plastic bags in there mouths standing in a large crowd .
A small brown dog is running over grass littered with dry leaves .
An old man with a beard and a young boy in a striped sweater peer inside a tent .
A man makes a goofy face underwater in a pool while swimming .
A woman in a white dress is sitting on a swing and reading from a black binder .
A man is grilling kebabs on a barbecue .
A man singing while another man plays the guitar and another man plays the drums .
An elderly woman in a black dress holds a black umbrella over a small boy in a red jacket and brown pants on a pier with a boat in the background .
There is a man working on a billboard .
A woman is taking a picture of a boy dressed up like a gladiator .
A young girl in a blue t-shirt is looking through a telescope while another girl in a red shirt watches .
Black man sitting down with his acoustic guitar .
Rail workers working on train tracks in the city .
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue .
A man in a black shirt sits in an office chair next to a fan .
A person holding a red cup sitting next to a woman wearing a black shirt .
A woman is sitting against a brown house with the numbers 4315 on it .
a group of musicians playing some music in front of a building .
a man sitting down , with his head down and his eyes closed
Several people are huddled around a table in an Asian country .
a young child throwing stones into a shallow stream .
A couple play a board game with friends while drinking apple cider .
A fair-skinned woman with dark hair wears a pair of large dark sunglasses , crimson lipstick , and a red and white plaid shirt .
A man sits on the floor and plays a flute while three people talk .
A man and a woman are walking arm in arm up steps .
A pharmacists preparing prescriptions .
A dog in a field .
A large group of people are walking for a cause .
Three musicians are playing their instruments .
A man wearing a tank top holding up a sign that introduces Mark Finley .
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean .
A number of people stand around talking at an art gallery .
A man skateboarding on the side of steps
Black dog sitting while eating with neon yellow band around shoulders .
Man in brown shirt and beard is being watched by a group of people on the street .
A dog rests on a mattress while a old woman sits on the floor .
A woman in a purple dress is walking through a crowd .
A dog stirs up the dirt on the ground while running to catch a ball .
A group of people sitting down and having a good time .
Two women wrestle to the ground while a judge watches .
A man appears to be sleeping in a warehouse of chickens .
A man in a suit is taking a sip of something while walking outdoors .
A tan and white dog is competing in an agility test .
Group sweeping away leakage while bystanders look on .
Older gentleman in blue sweater playing golf .
A person walking down a wooded path .
A man and a woman are smiling .
There are a man and a woman sitting down with a door and a window behind them .
A male teenager soccer player chasing the soccer ball during a game .
A white dog is running through the snow .
A young girl is riding a white horse .
a large building with all people walking by .
A young girl playing on a playground .
An artist paints a picture of a large castle .
A woman in a jeans skirt and t-shirt looking at a magazine display on the street .
People sitting in a busy restaurant .
A man in a white shirt balances on water-filled tanks containing crabs and fish .
A boy walks in a fourth of july parade carrying the American flag .
A large crowd of people sit in chairs , on the ground , and in bleachers in an auditorium .
Two soccer players fall to the ground near the ball .
Several individuals are watching a man in a red sweater play a game of golf .
The woman dressed as a clown is performing outside for others .
Fourteen member of a choir sing on a stage .
A man in glasses sitting on a stoop .
Two people are reading on a bench .
A man in a suit displaying food that he is stretching from above his head down to the pot .
A young girl sitting by a red stroller on a park bench .
A blond woman in a black jacket walks in front of a wall with wall art pushing a red cart .
A child in a white dress .
A man sitting on a swing is painting the outside of building .
A person riding a bike and carrying lumber .
Two soccer teams on a field one team dressed in blue an white the other dressed in white and blue .
Two skydivers in jumpsuits and parachute gear smile while diving .
Three girls playing in on the sidewalk and curb of a city street in the water from an open hydrant .
A young boy is wearing khaki pants and a black long-sleeve shirt .
A plane is diving through the sky creating a cloud of smoke behind it .
A man in a plaid shirt and a hat looks on as a young child plays in a yard that contains rubble , a mattress , and a bucket .
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .
A young child in violet clothes arches her back and touches the ground with her hands so that she is looking outward and upside down .
A man is sitting near the curb playing a guitar and there is a blue bag sitting on the ground next to him .
A pair of percussionists ply their trade .
A wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose .
Three women leaning on the edge of a pool with a fourth female in the processes of jumping over them .
Two blond boys are playing on a bed .
A young kid standing on a road with passing cars .
A police officer is putting a leash on a dog .
Young boy climbs spiral staircase surrounded by books .
A man carving an elephant while woodworking .
A man is at the beach laying on a beanbag .
Five Asian people sitting around a round table .
A soccer player is mid-kick with his leg high in the air .
two teenage females are posing near a body of water .
5 athletes wearing white tops and white bottoms are doing a routine for an audience .
A young Asian woman in silver high heels and short skirt stands on a sidewalk .
A person on a bike covered in mud from head to toe .
A black dog .
A construction worker on a mechanical lift .
A little girl standing with someone in a costume .
A band salutes the audience from the stage .
Two women wearing ceremonial costumes are walking outside a white building .
Several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of Thailand .
A military official showing a video from a digital camera to a young boy .
A woman doing a high jump at an Olympic meet .
A woman stands in front of a machine near some corsets .
A group of friends are deciding what they should eat today .
A man is standing on a tractor , which is sitting on water , talking to two men who are pointing .
A surfer hams it up for the camera while riding a small ocean wave in front of a backdrop of beach houses .
A family camping with an RV and sitting around a table .
A boy , wearing a baseball cap , jumps in the air near some steps .
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients .
Four men are shown playing rugby on the beach in front of a crowd of spectators .
A giant inflatable ball , taller than a man , is chased by two men in orange shirts .
Two children are running down a bridge across a lake .
A man in a dark wetsuit surfing in a blue watered ocean .
A woman in purple is on a purple bike wearing a blue and red helmet .
A man and woman are sitting on a bench facing a poster of a woman .
A small boy wearing a yellow shirt is standing next to a red wall .
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor .
A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color .
Young lady with short red-hair performing ballet .
An overweight woman in a red top sits outside in front of a Beatles exhibit .
A man is holding a bottle of Mountain Dew to his mouth in a comical expression as a toy spider sits on his keyboard .
A boy is being splashed by a large wave in the sea .
The woman in glasses is smiling with the ocean in the background
A football player for the Green Bay Packers throws the football during a game .
Two dogs carry one object while wading in the ocean .
Three men with mouths open and one is holding a fake sword
A boy holding a ball falls down in front of another boy who has his arms reaching out while an older man in a green shirt smiles and watches .
A fruit vendor rests while awaiting customers .
A police offer wearing sunglasses stands in a crowd of other officers with his arms crossed .
A small black and white dog is looking at another brown dog .
A lot of people are marching through the street .
A man is climbing up a post at a sporting event .
A man is walking by Brenmark Tools & Fasteners .
A man with ice-climbing gear climbs on a sheet of ice .
Three different women having fun with a toy in the living-room .
A dog leaps across the grass .
Man hitting a nail into a tree log .
A shirtless young man is wearing a king tut headpiece and is standing in front of shops .
A little girl in a blue shirt is pointing at the water on the beach .
Three men and a small crowd of other people watch a tennis game .
A man sleeping on a couch in front of a glass table .
An old man is trying to repair a bicycle .
People enjoying cookout food in a public park .
Asian women spin balls of thread , on hand operated spinning wheels in primitive conditions .
A man wearing a Canadian flag at a celebration .
Two women outside a white building enjoying alcoholic beverages .
Several people are sitting outside of a building .
A young lady plays the harpsichord while signing into a microphone .
A man is standing next to a sign and his holding papers while sticking his pinking out .
A surfer with long blond-hair runs his hand through the water while catching a wave .
Two unhappy-looking older people looking past the camera , the male holding a book and the woman wearing a fur coat .
A young boy playing soccer is hit in the head by the ball , and three other players race toward him while a crowd looks on .
A cheerful boy enjoying the snow posing next to a tree .
A person trying to fix a broken umbrella .
A woman wearing boots is working in a factory .
Children on a sidewalk watching a man performing and has gotten their attention .
Two children and a brown dog in a brown tube .
A female playing a guitar with a pink purse .
A longhaired woman in a green coat is standing and pushing a crosswalk signal button .
A girl wearing a red vest and a girl wearing a blue vest are practicing karate , as people look at them .
A bride and a groom on a street with a bunch of nicely dressed people taking pictures and talking to them .
A man in all bright blue against a subway sign in new york city .
A woman runs on a chalk white path .
A man in a striped shirt standing next to partial brick walls while using a garden hose to spray the ground .
A man on a phone standing next to another man outside an old building .
Two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun .
An artist is painting outside .
a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping .
A group of men standing around with a woman in Japan .
A delivery man is passing by two people at an art gallery .
A woman is about to fall off a scooter .
A person in a blue shirt and tan shorts getting ready to roll a bowling ball down the alley .
Asian man in orange suit and with glasses examining a young girl .
A man is looking down .
a small boy plays in the sprinkler .
A child is focused on holding a crayon properly to color , as other people carry on in the background .
A man plays a shooting game at a carnival stand .
Three people lounge on a dark prairie in front of a campfire
A singer , singing for people to hear .
Three Amish women are sitting and sewing .
A woman leaning against a white cross looking at the ocean below .
Protesters march to oppose some city measure .
Soccer competition , with two boys in red and one in blue
The small boy is using his blue shirt to wipe his face , exposing his belly .
A woman sitting on some steps smokes a cigarette while accessing her laptop .
Some people walk on a gray sidewalk .
Male singer crowd surfing
A man in a white shirt takes pictures of a band performing at a bar .
Three kids are playing in a park while a person reads a newspaper on a bench .
Two older men in blue jeans compare coupons at a table in a fast food restaurant .
Two dogs play and appear to be hugging in the snow .
A telephone repairman looks down from above while repairing his lines .
Three little girls helping dad pick out the Christmas tree .
The surfer rides a wave .
Two boys wearing green shirts playing ping-pong in a tournament .
Nighttime transportation crews are wearing their orange work clothes as they building train tracks .
Two men with painted faces looking like clowns one singing and the other play an tiny guitar .
Five people are snorkeling in the still , clear , shallow waters .
The dogs ran around the dirt racetrack .
Man in leather motorcycle gear .
A woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes , carrying a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby .
A young couple posing with a heart balloon with a bunch of balloons in the foreground of the picture .
A man doing a back flip while another takes a picture .
A man in hazard gear is working on machinery in the snow .
Two men in a relaxed office setting and they are both looking at their computers and one has their feet propped up on the desk .
A girl is holding on to the rope of a sailboat .
redheaded girl in the backyard sitting on a seesaw .
A couple holding hands walks past buses driving down a busy street as their shadows cast long on the sidewalk .
a boy walks .
A young boy works the soil in his yard .
Youths laugh as old timer sleeps under a patio cover
Person in blue shirt and red helmet riding bike down the road
A woman is using a net to catch fish on the river .
a man stands on top of a mountain .
Two men in blue shirts are dancing while six women in dresses are watching .
A young woman sprinting with a blue suit .
A person is standing next to a sculpture of an extremely large pair of glasses .
little girl wearing dress and boots holding lollipop and fence
A young boy with a red shirt surfing on a black surfboard .
Woman with blue hair at a large gathering .
A young man in shorts lounging on a brick wall in a park .
A blond woman wearing a green shirt and blue jeans walks away .
A man hits a volleyball on the beach .
An older man sits at a table behind a sign saying 'Nursing Idol , ' as a woman wearing white stands next to him holding a microphone .
A man picking his nose and with poor hygiene skills .
A young blond girl dressed in pink eating an ice cream cone .
A man 's legs are in the air while his back is on a Lone Star Texas flag .
A happy bespectacled young white girl in a brown t-shirt and a backpack
a black , brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth .
Several firemen stand or sit on a gray roof while working .
A trick cyclist takes air .
A girl in a gray tank top hands a glass to a man in a white shirt .
A group of woman are sitting at tables and knitting .
A run way model removes a tan coat to show off a fancy dress .
a girl wearing pink hangs on the hoops .
A gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof .
A boat floating on blue water .
Extreme sports enthusiast is riding an ATV on a sand dune .
These two people are using the oars to navigate in the ocean .
Women sitting at a bar , two drinks on top of the bar with string lights in the background .
A man is chopping beside a stove .
Three Asian men are sitting in front of a window .
A young man is caught in midair while doing a skateboard trick in an urban environment .
Two men are fixing a car .
A person in white makeup and clothes blowing a whistle .
A group of people wearing red hold up purple balloons with numbers and symbols on them .
A man rides his bike through the woods .
A group of people are holding up signs and possibly protesting .
Three ladies with scarves around their heads digging up dirt .
A family of four is crossing the street .
The dog on the right is baring his teeth at the other two dogs .
Two mounted policemen walk down a street .
A girl wearing a stocking cap bowls a red ball down the lane .
A young child wearing a red wig peaks out at the photographer as clowns walk by in a parade .
A man with a plaid shirt is working on some wood in his workshop .
A black and white dog jumping into the air .
The school bus is unloading children near the parked cars .
Two young girls looking very concerned .
A white car is parked near a house where a woman and child are sitting .
A boy wearing a uniform is sitting at a table with some women .
Woman giving a haircut to a black-haired man .
People waiting in food line at a fair .
A child in a saucer in the snow .
A woman in a black sweater pours a shot at a bar .
A child wearing a red and gray shirt is standing in front of a chalkboard .
The young basketball player moves into the front court .
A bunch of kids wearing black shorts and white t-shirts , one of them , a girl , is jumping over some yellow signs .
Girl in club DJ both showing camera the cover of Michael Jackson 's " Thriller . "
A snowboarder vaulting over a rock ridge .
Young Asian men are raising their styrofoam cups in a toast .
Bread is shared between a man and two women .
A man repairing a bicycle tire while his customer asks him questions .
A woman with a blue shirt , sitting at a table outside .
Two men are cooking with fire .
Three people standing at a station .
Several men having a drink at a bar .
A man pulls a yellow hose , there is a shadow in the background that is clearly not his own .
A person on scaffolding paints a large wall orange with a brush tied to a stick .
Two men wearing silly outfits are dancing .
a racer skids out .
Two men talking and observing fruit that 's on show and for sale at an open fruit market while another woman is also observing the wares .
Four people and a dog are on the edge of the shore .
A man is riding a red racing motorcycle .
A man in suspenders juggles red balls .
A group of men are running a race surrounded by spectators .
Two men posing for the camera , one in overalls , nearby a crowd of people .
a person in a red jacket and blue pants is breakdancing
Basketball player in orange trying to score through three men from the opposing team .
A small band performs inside of a bar .
A boy is riding a skateboard down a slope that leads from a bridge to the street below .
A crowd of people are soaking something , one girl is dressed up in a sports bra and red bottoms and one guy is dressed up in camouflage .
A homeless man carries a sign that says " hungry " .
Young girl and poodle drive miniature pink cadillac .
An older man gets ready to get his haircut at a barber .
Three men drink at a reflective bar .
The girl in the green top and sunglasses is performing in a parade .
A parade and crowd of people .
man and women on motorized scooter together ( in focus ) driving on bridge with background blurred .
A group of people eating .
Two girls running down a tree lined road , where they see two sheep .
A worker in safety clothes is standing up on the wooded edge of the construction .
Three friends making faces for the camera .
A young girl in pink clothing with a winter vest pushes a pink toy with blue wheels .
A man preparing food in his kitchen .
Some kids are gathering leaves and putting them into trash bags .
A girl stands alone while a man raises his arms in the background .
Two women in orange jump up to block a volleyball shot at a volleyball match .
number fiveteen runs with the lacrosse ball .
Young girls jump on an outdoor trampoline .
A man is talking on his cellphone while looking at his laptop .
A man squirts water into the air from a plastic bottle .
A young man is jumping his bike at a skate park .
A massive crown await in the middle of the city .
Little kids with their hands in the air
A man doing a headstand in front of orange and white barricades .
A brown dog starring at a soccer ball .
A jockey , wearing a purple shirt , is riding a brown race horse on a grass track .
Two men are eating food in a cafeteria .
Three people are walking through the snow .
There is a man sitting on a bus holding his head in his hands .
A man in a blue shirt and a dark cap is playing a black guitar on a street corner .
A man using a newspaper to keep the rain off of himself .
An older man stands with ornamental chains around his neck and feathers in his hair .
A lady dries another woman 's hair in a beauty salon .
lady in kitchen cooking and happy
A child in a striped shirt pets a white goat that is laying down .
A woman is juggling three oranges outside .
A young boy appears to be jumping off of a mound of dirt .
A band is playing on stage at a concert and the attendants are dancing to the music .
Several news media workers are holding out microphones to two men .
Football players charge toward each other on the green field .
Two girls sit along a lake while a man in the background fishes
A crowd of people wearing red shirts runs along a city road .
A model leaning against pillars getting photographed .
A man in a suit strokes his chin on a deserted street corner .
A boy is dancing with headphone in his ear .
A young , female crosscountry skier pulls her Christmas tree across the snowy field .
A man pushes multiple shopping carts across a parking lot .
A man in a black jersey is standing in gym .
A girl is holding plastic wrap around her head .
Man wearing black shirt throwing an axe .
Two men fighting at an MMA event .
a man holds a pro Judea protest sign at a protest rally
An Asian male with a brown sweater playing a guitar .
A person in a white helmet is standing next to a ladder .
One man is smoking a cigarette and the other man is meeting his gaze .
An older man sits and looks at his computer screen with his face in his hands .
A child playing with some yarn .
The woman is using a powerful telescope to view some distant things that amazes her .
A man wearing a blue collared shirt and a black newsboy hat plays an accordion next to a stone wall .
An older man is carving wood using a machine and hand tools .
A young boy drives a Power Wheels motorcycle with an American flag attached to the back .
An individual skating on a beautiful snowy clear day .
Several children in colorful costumes sit in front of an iMac monitor in a room decorated with red curtains and blue flags .
Lots of people on a stairway in an old fancy building for an event .
Three people doing push-ups
Two people standing in front of a large statue of a woman , other statues and busts visible in the background .
Four men in a local band performing on the street .
A young adult wearing a yellow shirt , blue shorts , and a white hat looks at something as a young man wearing a blue shirt and orange shorts walks past in front of a background of trees .
A juggler and a boy in a top hat with a sword stand in front of a crowd .
A black man holding a protest sign in a busy city .
A yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run along side .
Boy stands near laundry hanging out to dry .
A boy , an adult and two dogs running through the snow
There are woman and children some standing some sitting on big rocks in the river .
A crowd watches an outdoor concert .
A man in a gray shirt is operating the soundboard for a social gathering .
A bald man with a goatee makes a funny gesture towards his face .
A guy in a black swimsuit getting out of the pool at a hotel .
Two people ready a dining room for a meal .
A young boy is standing in muddy streets holding an umbrella .
A woman with a paddle .
A woman with blond-hair walks on a road .
Two men playing ultimate frisbee jump into the air during their match .
Sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation .
Three windsurfers ride the waves in a choppy body of water .
A woman with a shopping bag walking toward a street .
Four men wearing orange vests are walking in a field .
Four boys hold toy guns while under a pavillion .
A woman wearing black boots carries a bag from the store ShoeGasm through a crowd of people .
A very old dark-skinned many is picking at bones .
Photo is of a man on an ATV , taking a left turn on an open dirt course .
A woman holding a newspaper .
Two men doing karate in a dojo .
A man in a white shirt is laughing .
A older gentlemen standing in the brush .
The blond woman is practicing martial arts moves .
A woman is doing yoga at the beach facing the sea .
A man in the foreground wearing a white shirt and black pants riding a bicycle with a basket in a busy street .
A lady wearing a red vest is holding a shovel as she and a man , holding a blue shovel , pose for the camera .
Somebody putting a shoe on and leaving in a hurry .
A person standing on stilts is bending over .
An African American man is standing on a bridge wearing a pink shirt .
A woman is eating a sucker outside of a building .
A black and brown dog rests head on lower steps of stairs .
A snowboarder makes a jump in a competition .
Several dogs carry a man with a helmet through snow .
Children playing on rocks while adults watch .
A crowd of people are packed into a subway car .
Two men , one in a hat and tye die shirt , one in green hooded jacket , staring at a large soap bubble .
A litlle boy playing on a swing
An angry looking woman standing on the sidewalk .
A group of people playing instruments .
A man in a parade is waving to the crown from an old fashioned Ford fire engine .
Man standing in the foreground with taxi behind with lights on and buildings in the background and light filtering down from above .
Female wearing a red and white flowered bikini is doing a cartwheel on a sandy beach .
People stand outside watching motorcycles drive down a road .
A man enjoying his meal as he poses for the camera .
A man and girl walk along the beach at sunset .
Two women are sitting in a cart while a man pulls them .
A construction worker is taking a break while leaning on a yellow bar .
A child dressed in a princess outfit sleeping .
A brown dog is lying on a grassy field as the wind blows through his fur .
The dog stands in the sand near the ocean .
A bearded man is sitting on a bench wearing a fur lined jacket and hat .
A rodeo cowboy is riding a rambunctious horse .
A woman sits on the stairs .
A barefooted boy on an uncrowded beach .
Man kisses crying baby at a marathon .
A long-haired man walking away beside a canal whist holding onto a railing .
A large group of men in the forest .
Six people are outside in the dirt possibly gardening near some hay and grass .
A pilot is leaving a home .
Motorcyclist upside down in midair during a daring stunt-leap
A man with glasses is taking a picture of a train .
A group of people sit on an outdoor patio with lots of potted plants .
A town and a green mountain in the back .
A little girl donates to the Salvation Army near a storefront with white , plastic containers .
A group of people are jumping into the air with their arms held high .
A Concert master receiving standing applause for a great performance .
Several people walk in a pedestrian shopping street .
A man depressingly glancing down as he sees a majority of his hair drop to the floor at the barbers .
Three women are standing in front of the Coldtowne Theater .
A boy is relaxing in a hammock by a river .
Two scuba divers take an underwater photograph together .
A group of people riding a walking belt at the airport .
Two women are hiking down a hill covered in pine trees .
A guy smiling while working on the computer , with a world map on the wall .
A man walking down stairs .
Lone person in a canoe , holding a rope , enjoying the scenery of the blue mountains and glassy water .
An Asian man is walking down the street with his purchases .
A young girl in a maid 's outfit and coat is walking across the street .
Four men playing basketball , two from each team .
Two young men are running through the grass in the fall .
Someone is drilling a hole into a bottle .
Man kicking another man in the groin during a martial arts exhibition .
Two people are playing American Football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball .
Man relaxing on a bench at the bus stop .
A man in yellow and green shorts jumping in a living room .
A group of friends get their photo taken with a man in a green suit .
A male and female watching something interesting .
A smiling boy wearing only red shorts stands on a rock in the middle of a stream .
Two girls sit on the floor in front of floor length windows with a view .
Runner named Kim , running in the street .
The person in the blue jacket is riding in the forest
Woman picking up dirty plates at a diner .
Two men playing guitars on stage .
A woman and a child are sitting on a motorized police vehicle .
Two repair men in hard hats work on a construction site .
A football coach is speaking to a young football player .
A woman is making a funny face while playing a board game .
A young boy is fishing off of a dock in a river surrounded by trees .
Two women walking around in a city .
A woman in a pink jacket sits while typing on a laptop .
Shirtless man leading a small horse-drawn covered wagon down a road
Two men sweeping in a large building with decorated walls and pillars .
Two men looking a book in a remote place .
Skateboarder performing a spectacular stair jump .
Two men in cowboy hats are sitting on a fence .
A skateboarder performing an aerial trick on a half pipe .
A woman wearing a yellow taxi costume poses on a street .
A man in a white long-sleeve shirt and black cap holding a bottled drink under his arm .
Two men are standing outside a restaurant at dusk .
There is a man dressed in black walking on a sidewalk with melted snow .
A man with a ski cap and neon yellow jacket looking down with a tree behind him .
A professional woman wearing a tan uniform as she looks up and smiles while having a high tech microscope in front of her .
A man standing in a clearing in the woods stares off in the distance on a cloudy day .
Three men examining a bicycle .
A woman in a bucket hat and purple shirt carries many shopping bags .
A furry , tan dog is outside on a patio .
A four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage .
A woman holds onto a blow-up raft as it is pulled over the water .
Looking down on a man and a woman in an indoor scene .
A female and two males in a classroom .
An elderly man shaves carrots while onlookers watch .
Three boys walk on rocks along a river .
Two women are playing polo with one trying to catch a ball and the other riding the horse .
A child sleeps while being held by her mother .
A white dog , a brown dog , and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field .
A woman holding a red umbrella looking at a food stand with a large temple behind her .
a surfer is doing an airborne stunt whilst riding waves .
A man and a woman are jumping from a pier into a lake .
A blond woman with sunglasses on her head is laughing while carrying a white jacket .
A group of people are listening to a man in a gray hat speak .
Man sitting and playing with a phone , a bag of groceries at his side .
A baby boy is entertaining himself by chewing on his Elmo chair .
Several people stand with umbrellas near the corner of a white brick building .
A man is standing on some rocks and casting a fishing line into the ocean
A woman in black is leaning on a wall .
A homeless man sitting on a blue blanket with a small child in an urban setting as it rains or was raining .
Young girl with short , dark hair wearing a pink shirt climbing stairs in front of bicycles .
A man sweeps the sidewalk along a fence .
A group of people sitting at a table outside talking .
A brown-haired man with glasses is wearing a black suit , blue shirt , and pink striped tie while walking down the street .
A teenager performs a railgrind on his bicycle .
A person wearing an orange shirt with a backpack on looking across a segment of lush green trees .
An older man smokes on a bench .
Two guys playing soccer in the park .
Basketball player in the orange uniform attempts to block the shot of the player in the white uniform .
Two women having a conversation in a city area .
A weiner dog catches a blue and yellow tennis ball .
A woman in the middle of throwing a blue football in a park .
A crew drives the Oracle sailboat on a sunny day .
A wakeboarder performs a flip while being towed at high speed .
A man in a white shirt is playing a trumpet while his buddy in the background is playing some sort of guitar .
Three people are walking on a beach .
Women in beach bikinis play volleyball in the sunny weather .
Three ballerinas dressed in white , dance outside while a woman in a black dress looks on .
Three people are participating in a game with each other .
The mountain biker is about to go off a big jump in the canyon that is full of trees .
Several people are standing on a street corner .
Five young girls in front of a green camping tent , four sitting and one standing , enjoying a snack and having a conversation .
A black and tan dog walking through the snow .
A group of people are waiting for something .
An asian man walking past a red painted brick wall with a doorway with the words Keep Clear printed on it .
A woman wears a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry .
A brown dog jumping in the air on a brown plain .
A blond-haired girl is wearing a purple top , yellow pants , different colored socks , and shoes .
Two boys in blue jeans and tan patched shirts stand in front of tents .
Someone washing dishes with latex gloves on in a metal sink .
A security person in lime green monitors the busy city streets .
A man is standing amidst a crowd of people while smoking a cigarette .
People taking pictures of bicyclists biking past .
Young child is splashing and playing at the beach .
A woman and her four children perform handstands on the sand .
A little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .
People are watching a person in a weird vehicle in a plaza .
Two women are talking at a booth that is full of hats .
A dog places his head on a man 's face .
Three boys with no shirts on are sitting on cement steps by the water .
A man wearing jeans and sunglasses operating a front-loader that is filled with dirt .
Three guys are in the middle of doing back flips .
A small girl in blue shirt walking alone in a yellow parking lot .
A man is in a park using his mobile phone .
A man surrounded by an audience as he dances .
Two children are jumping on a bed , the little girl is in black pants and is in the middle of her jump .
A worker in a vest is inspecting tiles on a roof .
a photographer man wearing a red clothes
2 kids holding hands and smiling .
A blond girl in a yellow and black jersey plays soccer .
A young boy in a white shirt in a field
A person stands in a snowy area looking down .
Two couples stop to take a photo .
A soccer game being played as the sun sets .
The warrior is set for practicing battle with his opponent .
A man and woman are having a conversation while sitting on a tree stump in the woods .
A child wearing a blue shirt and shorts is digging a hole in the sand next two a small green shovel .
A little boy in goggles aims a plastic gun .
Four people in life jackets float on a raft .
A businessman in a suit talking on his phone during a smoke break .
A large beige hotel sits several stories tall next to a building with bars on the windows and art painted on the outside with a large sign saying souvenirs .
Traditional Japanese couple walking down the street .
A man and a boy are playing in the sand .
A worker at a construction site .
Two girls are in a bathing suits .
Two men , each with a small child on their backs , walk on a paved road .
People are sitting in the stands at a sporting event while other people are standing out on the playing field .
A child is holding a pink bucket filled with red roses .
The dog eyes the ball before retrieving it .
A person stands under a city light pole on a sidewalk at night .
A boy in a blue shirt climbs through the mud .
A person holding a cellphone in order to take a picture of another person in the crowd .
A man with black shirt and jeans is nailing something on the top step of a ladder .
A man fishing on the beach .
A man napping on the ground with a shirt over his eyes with a person standing beside him .
Here is a picture of a woman wearing weird shoes on and walking .
People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent .
The woman is attempting to surf in front of two photographers taking pictures .
A restaurant with two booths occupied and a wheelchair leaning against a table .
A man is jumping his bicycle off a ramp in a skate park .
Smiling man with reflective classes .
A man in red swim trunks dives into the water off of a rocky ledge .
A man holds up a tiny sign reading " I 'm a photographer not a terrorist . "
A group of boys playing soccer in a muddy wet field .
A girl with her hair flying up from her head poses on a skateboard
A woman wearing a black skirt and pumps is riding her white and red moped .
A child watching her mom measure herself against a tomato holding a ruler .
A black boy in orange and white trucks on playing in the sand .
Drunk friends at a college party .
People are in a grocery store .
A man in a red baseball hat moves rocks in a rock formation .
A man standing with his eyes downcast .
A young woman in a bikini top and jean shorts is walking outside on a nice day .
Two puppies are sitting together next to a bike on black tiled flooring .
A blond child is drinking from a garden hose .
A woman greets a little boy .
A woman holding a child giving a thumbs up sign .
A man is throwing another around in a wrestling ring .
A boy in a pool squirts a bright green water gun .
A woman , a little boy , and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue .
There are three men on set of Sports Center , One man is in a suit with a black jacket top , one is in a white dress shirt with dress pants , and one is in a brown suit .
A man is angrily boxing another , jabbing his left fist into the neck of the other .
Three people sitting at a table smile as they eat their meals .
An elderly Asian man is looking at a camera in a large gathering of people .
A man on a cellphone stands in front of a restaurant .
A person is kayaking on a river and is steering himself in between two large rocks .
A bunch of guys playing a pro game of hockey .
A shirtless man is scooping away sand with a pink scoop while a little girl watches .
A person standing under a tent with balls .
A man is sitting in a lawn chair holding an infant while a dog is laying down beside him .
A woman in a brown jacket is standing on a rock with a forested background .
A group of people are waiting in a subway .
Cameraman scoping out camera angles .
Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant .
A man with salt and pepper hair , in a quasi crew cut style , wearing a black tank top is just ahead of a group of people behind him on a sidewalk or street .
Multiple runners about to start a race .
A child wearing a helmet and a climbing harness is climbing the rock wall .
A brown dog in an orange collar shaking off water .
A middle-aged solo musician performs by singing and playing the guitar .
A BMX biker shoots up into the air .
A man using a crane to lift up a sculpture .
A bald man wearing glasses and a black shirt holing an instrument .
White horse with jockey jumps a barrier
A man with a yellow shirt and blue pants .
The safety-conscious male wakeboarder cuts across the water on a sunny day .
Little boy in black jacket , kicking leaves .
A group of children is entering an inflatable bounce house .
The girl on the floor is watching the boys outside .
A dancer performs some gymnastics with a hula hoop before a panel of women .
Two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume .
Two brown dogs are biting each other .
A man and his son carrying bags are enjoying a meal .
Three kids hanging on a bared window .
A child is playing with an arcade whack a mole style fish game .
a girl walks on a dirt street .
A bald man running on a treadmill in a white shirt and striped shorts .
A soccer goalie is about to kick the ball in a game .
photographer photographing a model on the city streets .
A man in a black graphic t-shirt playing an acoustic guitar .
A man on a bicycle rides on a mountain .
Young man in crouch like position riding a noticeable wave on his surfboard with both arms stretched out wide and has a facial expression of satisfaction .
Two men are rappelling a building in front of a large group of people .
Two men sit behind a shiny black counter wearing matching black suits and purple shirts .
A woman is walking down the sidewalk as it rains .
The child is surrounded by bubbles while in the bathtub .
Two girls share a laugh together .
Two accordion players in period costumes perform between two maroon-colored antique cars .
A man wearing an apron cooking pasta in a kitchen .
A girl in a red jacket laughs at the camera .
Two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle .
Two groups of people are walking by a statue .
A woman photographer taking a picture of a strangely colored human .
A man with facial hair poses along with two girls with a city landscape behind them .
A motorcyclist performing amazing tricks in front of a crowd of thousands .
A woman is chopping large fish .
A girl dressed as a devil stands in front of a lighted object on a city street .
A man in a dark shirt has his arm on a females shoulder .
The festivities of the Latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the city .
A man in a trench coat stares at the street .
Two people are acting on a stage tackling each other as onlookers cheer and applaud .
Children are having fun playing in the dark with a bin full of water toys .
A young boy holding a basketball about to shoot .
three dogs running around in the grass with woods in the background
A woman and young girl are sitting at a table eating .
A woman with light brown hair sits across a man with short medium brown hair .
A man walking with a briefcase and a hat with an orange sash around his back .
A red bike jumps toward a person in yellow .
A team of volleyball players are getting ready to play .
Soccer players dressed in red and white uniforms walking on a field .
A man dressed in black is skateboarding at a skate park .
A shirtless man in gray shirts is getting ready to hit a volleyball coming towards him while on a beach playing volleyball .
Two people sitting in front of and interesting building holding a clear glass bottle .
Group of people are down on their hands and knees making something on the ground .
A worker in an orange costume hoses down a long cement dock .
A girl drives a toy truck while a young boy plays behind her
A couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another .
Man standing with a chainsaw , looking down at the work he is about to do .
A young boy jumps off a rock in the forest
Two men dressed with gloves carry a hot grill away .
A woman with a white shirt and blue striped pants is walking past a building with a lot of graffiti on it .
A dance group performs in a parade in china .
A man with a lasso and his horse at the rodeo .
A woman is walking across a street in front of two buses which are green and blue .
A female child eating Cheerios out of a Ziploc bag outdoors .
they are two people wearing sunglasses and a helmets standing behind a big gun .
Canoes travel across the water along side buildings .
There are lots of guys running together outside .
Here are a bunch of people enjoying dinner and chatting .
Six people walking in a parade wearing brightly colored outfits .
Old man wearing a blue bandanna and building furniture .
The people are having fun outdoors and they are talking with coolers .
A young girl with red-hair blows bubbles in clear water .
Someone examining the cuts of meat in the window of Rodgers Butchers .
A man strapping a child , both wearing bike helmets , into a green seat .
A boy experiencing and exhibit at the museum .
A very wet brown dog is emerging from the water .
Three bridesmaids , in blue dresses , hold up the end of a bride 's dress .
A person in a red shirt is jogging next to a main road .
Men with shovels work to pick up a pile of dirt from a street .
Asian people in a temple praying over a smokey urn .
A group of African women and children wearing brightly colored clothes .
A young boy is looking and touching a bike
Three people sailing on very blue waters .
A little girl tries to throw a Frisbee .
Two men clearing up wreckage .
Man dressed in black and white holds his tennis racket up waiting for the ball .
A man with a beard wearing a black hat next to a blue and red cooler .
Small children throwing hay at horses on a farm .
There is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk .
A muzzled animal jumps over a metal bar and splashes through the mud .
Two young children at the center surrounded by a few older women .
A girl in a blue shirt and a man in a green long-sleeve shirt dance at a restaurant .
A young male child in an orange dinosaur hoodie eats a snack inside of a shopping cart while leaning against a new , sealed comforter .
The shoeshine man , who shines shoes for a living , is shinning the black leather shoes of a man in nice dress pants .
A person standing on land overlooking water .
Air force personnel introducing the new guy .
The little boy is laying back relaxing on the colorful blanket .
A football player in a red and black uniform bearing the number 3 and a black helmet is carrying the ball and is surrounded by opposing players wearing white and purple Pikesville uniforms .
A man wearing snow gear hiking .
A man in sunglasses and a blue cap looking onward .
A very young girl is holding food while sitting in a highchair .
Several people are sitting around a fire at night .
Five people in full gear are mountain climbing .
A leather dressed rodeo cowboy stars blankly , while people look on from outside the ring .
A round table with printed matter ready for a meeting .
These two children and dog are running through a field of grass .
A man wearing a red shirt has a puppet band , on the street .
A man , dressed as an angel , holds another person who is also dressed as an angel and is handing a piece of paper to a passerby .
A boy in goggles plays with a read-haired girl .
A man in orange talking on his cellphone .
Two girls are sitting on the ground and one is wearing an animal costume .
A man is lying on a deck chair by a pool .
A group of guys and girls jumping on a trampoline holding hands .
A man in a green shirt and red sunglasses walks by a cafe in Pescaderia as a woman trails in the background .
A little boy in a gray sweatsuit is crouched on one knee and touching a DVD boxed set that 's sitting on the floor .
A person in a white shirt , wearing a tie , singing with a band .
Two children are walking through the woods .
A surfer flies over a crashing wave .
a large brown dog standing on his hind legs next to a woman .
smiling child standing in santa sled .
A toddler is trapped in a backpack contraption .
Two adults enjoying a painting of hand prints .
A middle-aged couple smiles from a round outdoor wooden jacuzzi .
Two men standing on the shore beside their kayaks at dusk .
A group of mature folk are waving as they walk down a shopping center .
One man sings while another plays guitar during a stage show .
A team getting their photo taken by their coach and professional photographer .
A boy in a green and white striped shirt looks exhausted as he is running
A man is skateboarding at a park .
Two women kiss cheeks while holding flowers .
Smiling little girl swimming in outdoor pool .
Americans go to a baseball game .
A runner slides into second base while the shortstop waits for the ball
An elderly woman , a younger woman , a young boy , and a black furred dog walking on a dirt road in a forest .
A bearded man , wearing a hat and vest , is standing next to an open fire from a stove .
A man without a shirt is working on top of a building with scaffolding attached .
A boy smiles for the camera in a group of sitting children .
A wedding is setup in a tropical area .
A swimmer in a dark blue suit swimming backstroke .
A boy scout sitting in a chair outside of a tent on stage .
An authority officer is passing through gates with a vehicle .
The red car is ahead of the two cars in the background .
Teenage girls from different high schools compete in a race on a well-maintained field .
Two people are organizing supplies outside near the mountains .
A woman riding a bike with a child on a backseat .
A man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag .
A young child with a cartoon character on his shirt is holding a toy gun with gold bullets and a handle in the front .
A man is sleeping inside on a bench with his hat over his eyes .
A rider in a red shirt rides his or her bike next to an outdoor fountain .
A few kids are playing in a fort .
Two muscular men in red doing performance art on a black mat on grass with an audience in the background .
A woman in a white shirt , black jacket and blue and black striped shirt stands next to a man in a checked shirt and blue jeans looking through a camera focused on whoever took this picture .
The young man kicks a soccer ball on dusty ground .
A man wearing sunglasses and a gray t-shirt is sitting in a chair .
A young girl in front of a library runs through a fountain .
A young boy in a red shirt climbs a playground rock wall .
A man paragliding over a valley and a lake .
Basset hound on a grassy slope .
Young girl looks at a cactus garden .
A woman who works at an organic bakery , is showing of the products .
A man wearing a blue shirt and matching helmet is jumping his bike over a hill .
Kids wrestling in the Autumn leaves .
A man sits on a stool playing a guitar .
Kids are dressed in costume and playing a game .
A man is standing with a cup in his hand .
A woman in a red sweater raises her hand in a crowd .
Two women sit at a table with food , smiling at the camera .
A man in the window of a red big rig truck .
A man in a red , black and white uniform is pursuing a soccer ball on a grassy field .
Several people are singing into microphones and drinking .
A woman with a basket of flowers talks on the phone next to a woman in a wedding dress .
Two cowboys on horses roping a calf as others look on during a charity rodeo event .
Three people eating in a cafeteria .
Two parents sit on a couch while a girl in a pink sweater lounges across them .
two woman eating at a table with a lot of pigeons on the street next to them
A man is sleeping on a sofa outside .
A man is cleaning a bridge .
A man is sitting on a gray bench .
Customers look at products during an open air market of fruit and vegetables .
Big green leafy trees growing on a busy street .
The low sun is casting a shadow of the person on the wall behind them .
A man in a yellow shirt does East Asian calligraphy .
A restaurant worker is cleaning a seat .
People gather at dusk to look at shops that are lit up on the sides of the sidewalk
a wood workshop with a man working on equipment
A person named Chris has his hand on his head , looking frustrated .
Two women sing as part of a rock group .
A child leaping from bed to bed behind the back of a man .
A boy dressed in green running with a brown and white dog in a green field .
A man in a blue shirt is building a boat out of wood in a cramped work space .
Potential customers shopping in a busy marketplace .
A young child is playing in a fountain .
Farmers line up and tend to their cattle .
Man pretending to be a rock star .
A child with a green bucket on the beach .
A man wearing a blue apron in a room filled with equipment performs a blurred action with what seems to be a pitcher .
On a grass lawn , a girl comes towards the camera viewpoint on a slip and slide water toy plastic sheet , sending up a splash of water from the small inflated pool at the end of it .
Construction workers working on a building .
A man walking toward a white ice cream truck parked on the street at night .
A skateboarder is attempting to jump down a set of concrete stairs .
People hanging out and talking about their interests .
An Asian woman dressed in a colorful outfit laughing .
adults in costumes with children on a stage
Two black dogs run through a field .
A street performer stands on a rainy , abandoned street , on a sidewalk next to a row of parked cars .
A happy woman wearing a black tank top is sitting in a wicker chair .
A red chinese dragon costume stands in front of an Asian-style gazebo .
Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game .
A young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera .
A man enjoying a carnival game while his friend looks on .
A shirtless man poses next to a man who is fully dressed in a t-shirt and cargo shorts who is pointing at the shirtless man 's belly .
A group of five girls in pink wrap dresses , tribal headbands and face paint rest behind a cargo truck .
Two men cheer in a crowd .
A man in a white shirt wearing yellow safety earmuffs is using a tool to cut a shape .
A blond on a cellphone wearing a pink tank top .
A man in an orange suit is standing in front of a dust cloud .
Four runners are competing in a road race .
A young boy and girl play together in the sand .
Many people are gathered in an open area in front of a steel-works type of building .
A dark-haired woman is gazing at the city skyline .
A cute female gymnast , wearing a black and red leotard , dismounts from the gymnastic bars .
Several people in yellow and green colored clothing wearing sunglasses looking at something .
A crowd of people are watching a little boy and a man struggle over a case .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a white shirt are standing together , with some sort of tent behind them , and stuffed animals on the ground behind the man in the white shirt .
Guy breakdancing on brick floor in front of students ' union .
An aerial view of several adolescents on a field with a track surrounding it .
a man and a woman are dressed in black coats
Four cheerleaders at a basketball game dance at half-court during a break in the game .
A band is practicing for their next gig .
A man is using the stick thing to control the clown puppet .
People are taking pictures of something .
The Irish setter with the safety vest is running ahead of the Rottwieler and the Dalmation .
A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag .
Seven students looking over a balcony .
A man in a jacket and tie smiles at a woman in a white dress .
Teenage boy in blue t-shirt cleaning an unfinished basement .
A guy and a girl eating at a restaurant .
A dog pants inside a car
A waiter taking an order at a restaurant .
A man in a green hat running .
The brown dog bounds through the leaves and the underbrush .
A young child in blue sweeps the floors like his parents .
A man in a tan shirt is cutting a client 's hair .
A man in a suit is smoking a cigarette and talking on his cellphone .
A girl in a red and black striped shirt sits on a brick wall in front of a tropical plant .
A man looks up from his loom and makes a strange gesture .
A balding man is getting his shoes cleaned on a street corner .
A black and white dog in a plaid coat is carrying a very long stick .
A young boy and girl ascending a staircase .
A woman in a winter coat riding a bike down a city street .
A man in a purple shirt is serving food to multiple girls at a picnic table .
A dirty boy at a playground holds up his hands with disgust .
A group of people at some kind of an event with police officers in the background .
Woman performing some type of dance move .
Lady standing by white car that has a couch and innertubes on top of it .
A man sitting on a stool playing the banjo .
A woman standing next to a washing machine holding a large polka dot sheet .
The girl rides at the ocean .
A small white dog running out of a tent .
A girl in the foreground is frowning while , in the background , there are trees , ATVs , and golf carts .
Two men in casual clothing are moving crushed blocks of cans .
Two men with guitars and a woman are performing a song live .
A woman walking down the street .
A man in a yellow shirt is juggling knives .
Large group of people sitting and looking at artwork in a museum .
two men are riding trail bikes and are jumping over a hill in a area that is wooded .
A young man with dark hair and a beard cooking steaks outside on a small grill .
A little girl with bright pink pants playfully sticks her face in a contraption on a playground .
Man walks giant odd dog while small dog poops .
Young man wearing a blue jacket , green shirt and denim jeans is photographed by person in beige jacket and burgundy pants while four onlookers watch on an expanse of sand .
Older man standing in the back of a very cluttered room .
Three people sitting in lawn chairs , as three people look on in the background .
A dog looks warily at the brown dog investigating his area .
Two soccer players , one wearing white and one wearing blue , jostle each other while kicking pink and white balls .
Woman talking to a photographer dressed in black .
A guy that has skis on that found a melting snowman as he skiing
A man rows a boat in a lake near mountains .
This memorial is to remember victims of a tragedy .
A man wearing safety gear is using a weed whacker .
The surfer passes a fellow surfer while paddling into the surf .
A young boy in a blue jacket standing on a corner in front of THEFACESHOP .
A girl in a blue dress sitting on the ground eating cotton candy .
Two people walking on the side of a road .
The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother .
Two dogs are wrestling in the park .
A group of people are working out in a tent enclosure .
A director is attempting to adjust a camera for a shot with a prairie grass landscape in the background .
A person with a black jacket is jumping in the snow .
A bicycle is parked in front of a place of business .
A man is sitting on the end of hit boat overlooking the water .
A woman wearing a brown jacket and brown pants is walking her two dogs along the beach as they follow another person .
A skateboard is sideways in the air .
Three lambs are in a field .
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack .
Two teams , one clad in green and white and the other in black and white , face off on a grass field .
A baseball player from the Tigers is sliding onto a base , while the umpire is running to see whether or not the player is safe .
A woman pushing a man in a wheelchair outside .
The dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball .
An older man in a gray shirt standing by a building that has meat hanging out to dry .
Three men ride horses by a fence .
A middle-aged female runner with brown hair is running a race .
A little boy in a green shirt kicks a ball .
two young girls learn traditional dances for their culture .
A crowd of people are raising their arms during a concert .
A man and woman are standing together as she smokes a cigarette .
Children chasing the ball in a soccer game .
A white male in a purple shirt and black life vest is wave boarding and splashing lots of water around him .
Seven people are wading in a natural pool .
A little girl in white leaves her boots behind as she walks in the sand .
A man sitting making straw hats .
Two older boys ice skating with a small boy in between them .
Three musicians perform in a cafe .
An old woman in a green and blue plaid shirt is standing on a crowded sidewalk smiling .
Two children sleeping next to each other .
A person skis down a steep snowy hill .
One older man in sandals makes karate pose .
Men playing football .
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .
A man is standing on a stage behind a microphone while playing the guitar .
A person is skydiving in the sunset using a teal and yellow parachute .
A female baseball player slides in the dirt onto a base while another female baseball player tries to tag her out .
A little girl with a red balloon making a funny face .
A young blond boy is bowling with an orange bowling bowl .
Two women appear to sleep at a table in a diner .
Two people eat hamburgers on lawn chairs while a third drinks a can of soda .
A man drives a car , keeping both of his hands on the wheel .
A man in a white shirt plays an electric violin .
Construction workers are laying down pavement to repair a road .
Three men in long-sleeve shirts are running while holding hands .
Three women are minding their own business on a bus in the city .
A group of young men are about to play soccer on a sandy plain .
Several people are standing on the grass in front of a building .
Two guy 's standing in front of a bicycle looking into a plastic bag .
An overweight gentleman wearing a red shirt cooks on a grill .
A woman wearing jeans is reaching into a large box while a man wearing jeans stands beside her .
A boy is jumping a cement wall with a green skateboard .
A young boy in hawaiian style swim trunks holds a plastic bucket and shovel on the shore of the ocean .
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .
A man reads quietly alone in room .
A youth marching band in blue jackets holding up their instruments during a parade .
a crippled women playing a sport .
A man with a black baseball cap , blue shorts , gloves and no shirt is standing atop a roof .
Guys are play soccer on the field .
Two men with red vests and green hats smoothing out wet cement
A girl in a white coat stands in the middle of a fountain and a boy in the background laughs .
Three women in dark shawls and hats talk on a brick street while a dog sits next to them .
A man about to smash something with a very large sledgehammer .
Three people playing foosball near a partially drank beer .
A man in dark clothes and shoes lays on a light colored sofa staring straight ahead .
A black truck and a red car parked on the street in front of a grocery store painted red .
A diagram of a hand is displayed on a wall , behind which a woman studies .
A lady in a blue hat sitting near a fruit stand .
Man in dark shirt shielding his eyes .
A girl in a pink coat plays in the leaves .
Two kids playing in sacks on the floor .
An older man wearing a gray fedora , dark coat and blue pants pulling a suitcase cart down the sidewalk .
A person is walking down an incline .
A boat being bulled by a brown horse under a bridge .
A black dog jumping over a hurdle .
Line of cars behind a taxi in a city road .
People are walking through a shopping center .
A baseball player at bat and a catcher get ready for the pitch .
A young girl in a rural , poverty-stricken area watches and examines the nearby growing vegetation .
A old man sells hardware parts on a dirty sidewalk .
A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated .
A black man in a wheelchair being pushed along an outdoor pathway carrying the Olympic torch .
A brown dog resting on a red , white , and blue afghan rug .
Two women are sitting on a rock next to an open field .
A woman playing a giant game of chess .
A man with white hair and a long white beard is eating .
People standing around looking and eating food .
A couple is sitting on some chairs in the winter in what looks to be a park .
Two men have a conversation by an outdoor sewing-machine .
A man in a gray cap , a pink tank top and short skirt , pink-and-black striped socks , and boots juggles knives in front of a brick building whose sign reads " The Pump Room " while onlookers watch .
A yellow car is in front of a white car racing in a muddy street .
Two person are riding their bicycles .
A man and a woman are seated , holding reading materials , while he looks into the camera and she looks down into her partly rolled-up magazine .
A woman is walking through a forest with a small child .
An old man with a multicolored hat standing is standing front of a earth toned mosaic sign , with foreign language in the tiles .
People walking on a wet deck carrying umbrellas .
A white man and little boy looking at a table .
A lady wearing a red shirt takes a picture near a lake surrounded by rocks .
A small child is sitting on a stump in a forest clearing .
A young woman with blond-hair and a pink Dior t-shirt checking under the cash drawer .
Two bicyclists in a race wearing helmets with bystanders in the background .
A man working on an old building in an alley hung with red , green and white flags .
A gymnast does a handstand on the parallel bars .
A young man preparing food with diners in the background
A group of motorcycle riders slowly making their way down a congested city street .
A bald headed man has his arm on a woman back as they stand together .
A man dunking a basketball on an outdoor court .
A baseball pitcher in a blue , white and gray uniform mid-pitch .
An elderly man at a party is picking up something from a tray on a table .
A person swims in a pool by a waterfall .
A man is rowing a boat through a river in a city .
A man and woman are smiling while seated in a crowd .
Five boy scouts in jeans are standing in front of a tent .
A group of people are at a gathering where there is a large colorful flag .
Three men fishing with string .
A young boy in a striped shirt is fixed on the fire below .
Two children are sitting at a table eating food .
A smiling woman in a purple shirt and white apron wiping her hands on a napkin .
A man in yellow shorts is leaping in the air to catch a frisbee .
A naked black boy is standing on a rock .
A tribesman makes his way up a tree with his feet and his hands .
Many people are doing business at a farmer 's market .
A man speaking into a microphone with his fingers in a teddy bears nose .
A dog gets major air catching frisbees in a trick contest .
The woman with the scarf is watching the man cook .
A runner hurdles over an obstacle .
kids running after soccer ball in their game
Two women are seated near the water .
A boy with curly hair and a black shirt is balancing on his skateboard on a ledge .
A skateboarder on a ramp .
A smiling man standing on two scooters .
A young girl , with ringlets of curls , plays a game on her blue Game Boy .
A little girl plays with a hula hoop on the sidewalk in a residential neighborhood .
Young people are socializing outside at night .
A woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them .
A bicyclist along the River Seine in Paris .
A person with a red hat stands in a pile of snow on the side of a road while traffic goes by .
Five young men pose on the steps .
Children sit on a wall inside a cemetery .
A skier on the side of a refrigerator that 's in a snowbank with the sun in the background .
Hockey goalie is reaching towards the puck .
A man and woman pose together in front of a body of water .
A lady with a red jacket and a blue scarf checking her mobile device while leaning against a wall with a painting on it underneath a tall and green tree .
Two people dressed in battle gear , are practicing sparring in a gymnasium .
a man hang gliding high above the ground
A group of bicyclists are riding down a road in the rain .
A young man playing Bingo with a Senior Citizen .
Topless woman smeared with brown substance , blurry crowd in background .
A woman and a young man are digging while a young boy in the background holds a mesh basket .
The little boy is playing by tires .
Tourists walk and gather in a crowded city .
Dog and owner sitting on lawn .
A man playing the guitar on stage at a concert
Two coaches stand in the middle of a football field looking over a piece of paper .
A man crouches and observes a Komodo dragon .
A brown dog is fetching a stick in a country setting .
A frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons .
A female tennis player stands in a ready position .
Two long-haired dogs racing down a forest path .
A man stands up to make a speech at a family gathering .
Two girls lie in bed in the presence of dogs .
The man in the photo is standing outside of a building .
This man is happy to show off his work .
A man with a white rag over the lower portion of his face , wearing a black shirt , that looks to be bleeding , or have blood on the rag .
A black dog digs in the snow .
Construction workers on the job .
A man with sunglasses is posing in front of riot police .
A woman with long black hair is walking away wearing a red dress with black belt .
A young boy grills steaks on a large stainless steel grill .
People line up and dance outside on a checkered floor .
There a four men setting in chairs , with music stands in front of them , performing in a quartet , with a cello and three violins , and they are all connected to one speaker .
A young man is riding a dirt bike while standing up .
A group of females standing in the kitchen .
A group of three boys are playing soccer while an adult man looks on .
A man in a kayak wearing a bib with 5 on it , paddles the kayak through the raging water near two green and white poles .
A boy sitting on a newspaper machine , hides behind an insurance sign .
Three men looking at grass covered hill .
A woman wearing a sparkly dress with a pink heart with the number 10 on it is singing and playing the guitar in front of a white screen .
Man in a bench watching another man sleeping .
Three people looking at a chair in the front yard .
A little girl in a fuchsia top uses a spatula to scoop up coffee beans from the metal pan on a seated woman 's lap
Elderly person blowing bubbles outside .
a barefoot man in black shorts is sleeping on a doorstep in front of a red door .
Two brown and white dogs run on rocks , sky in background .
A man on stage playing guitar beside a microphone .
A man at a gym works out while a woman walks on a treadmill behind him .
a man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave
The dogs in numbered uniforms are running .
A person is walking near a fountain .
A young boy practicing martial arts .
A woman crossing the street .
A woman is holding a tennis racket .
A lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer .
A woman is eating what appears to be a mussel .
Two men in blue suits carrying black briefcases walk into the entrance of Saint Peter 's Church .
A group of people are standing together .
Women and men in scrubs using a laptop .
A boy band and no one even matches someone should have sent a memo .
Four boys are in the living room talking .
People are eating at tables in front of an art deco wall .
A group of people dressed up in historic clothes dancing .
An man with short hair and glasses paints a wall .
An older Asian man is baking bread sticks in an oven .
A woman wearing a headscarf is pouring liquid from one cup into another , in front of a scenic backdrop .
4 nerds sitting down posing for a picture .
People sitting on a sidewalk next to a rail that overlooks a body of water .
A couple in black coats is looking at the camera with pleasant expressions on their faces .
A man in winter wear stands near an intersection .
A man in a suit is standing up playing chess with a man in a yellow shirt .
A group of people in a room .
Two dogs are playing on the beach together .
There is some musicians and a man in white playing on a stage .
A rock climber ascends .
Father and son playing together .
A family sits on a rooftop watching TV .
A group of women walking down a street .
A man with dreadlocks poses with an oddly dressed woman ( drag queen ? ) in a city .
A person wearing a helmet and pads is riding a dirt bike and jumping over a log .
a little boy plays at the zoo .
A man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience .
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain .
Three pairs of granny panties hanging on a line .
A man in a green shirt shops in an open market .
three men at a washington mutual atm machine in the evening hours .
A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete .
Two woman point at a mirror that is curved like a ball .
A girl is running on the grass .
Boy throwing something into the ocean .
A judo player in white attempts to submit a judo player in blue while on a yellow and red mat .
A woman riding a bike in a park
Two dogs holding a green and orange toy between them .
An old man and woman peer at something in the sky .
A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
A man carrying bags , and a girl on a cellphone are walking across a pedestrian walk smiling .
A small dogs ears stick up as it runs in the grass .
Man in a top hat , playing his accordion on the sidewalk by a street
A person in a safety vest pushing a truck .
A brown dog running after a red ball .
An athlete from St Johns dunking a basketball in a game .
A child with blue goggles is swimming in a pool lane .
An older man is pouring something out of a bag into the water .
A band is playing music in a light filled stage .
Three men repairing a rooftop .
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand .
A group of children , boys and girls , dressed in blue choir robes are standing in front of an audience .
A woman in a dress is holding a camera next to another woman who is laughing .
Man waters plants as woman in orange shirt walks by .
People sitting a circle with a man in a green vest talking on the phone .
A woman in a red shirt jogging by a multicolored wall .
Construction worker pauses to speak with coworker in a building undergoing construction .
Smoke is spewing out of the back of a red race car on a racetrack .
A sword shallower performs at a Hannukah event .
One little girl dressed in pink watches another , also wearing some pink , jump on the trampoline .
Two dogs are trying to grab a ball .
A woman and a dog both kneel with their heads down and butt in the air .
People eating at a chinese restaurant .
A man in a brown coat and pants is arranging dead chickens on a mat .
Onlookers observe a man in a black t-shirt standing on the outside of a levee .
An elderly man stands in a rowboat on a body of water .
A jockey riding his horse in a race , as another , losing jockey looks on .
Several people walking down the sidewalk of a tropical city .
Football player holds the ball securely to his chest while running downfield .
A man with a black backpack and a woman with long dark hair and a teal colored shirt standing on some rocks looking at the ocean .
The little child has big green glasses on .
A camera crew shooting images on a mountainous landscape .
A group of tourists is crossing a bridge that connects a walking path to a trail of nature .
A young boy with a red short-sleeved shirt and jeans runs by some trees .
An informally dressed orchestra is rehearsing in an empty auditorium .
a small brown dog is running across the grass wearing a purple and green coat .
A little girl walking in the sand along the beach .
An Ozzy Osbourne fan considers his breakfast .
A woman with red-hair and a black hat is standing in front of pictures .
A band is playing on what looks like a sidewalk rather than a stage .
Six people on a hill side after just touching down from parachuting .
Man holding a blue sash that is around a woman wearing a black robe .
A man in an orange robe sweeping outside .
A man in a blue jeans and sweater is working
A boy dressed as a cowboy is petting a four-legged animal with horns and a saddle .
Swimmers jump from rocks above blue-green water .
Ladies ' lacrosse gets aggressive as one young lady pursues the ball .
A bald man in a red shirt and khaki shorts buys something from a woman wearing a visor in a store .
Three people of various ages are relaxing near a log in a grassy area .
One soccer player runs past a fallen teammate towards the ball .
A group of boys walk down the street carrying produce .
A track star doing long jump .
A man with a green scooter looks over a view of water and buildings .
A guy standing outside with no shirt on looking up at the building .
A woman holding a little girls hand is pointing to something trying to show her .
A man on an orange bike .
Two younger women and an older man in a red sweatshirt are walking across a crosswalk in San Francisco .
A woman in a black tank top is using scissors to cut an article of clothing being worn by another woman .
Two ladies dressed are dressed in blue and one of them attempts to hand out a pamphlet to a tall man in a blue t-shirt who is drinking coffee .
A man in neon green cleans up outside a building with some graffiti .
A baby eats and has food on his face .
A young child is wearing a blue striped shirt .
Two girls competing in a track event .
A man in a dark suit is using a microphone .
People in a race running through water .
three kids running in a field around bikes
A white male wearing denim coveralls and a white baseball cap watches two men who are sitting on buckets play music in front of a store that sells wigs .
A woman is holding a microphone toward another woman who is part of a group of people on the street .
Children head down the street next to vehicle traffic .
Two women in hats set next to a rock and a young child in a knitted cap .
Two little girls spar in a Karate bout .
Two soccer player are getting hit in the head with a ball during a game , as a crowd watches .
Two African-american men play basketball indoors .
Young girl in red graduation suit flings her hat upward into the field .
A little girl wearing pajamas is playing with blocks .
Two boys jumping and getting air over a ravine with mountain bikes .
A boat is on the water , with mountains in the background .
A dog sits with a woman in an outdoor cafe .
The lady crossed her arms and kept walking through the park as a man in a red shirt was drinking his bottle of Coke nearby .
A large black dog rubs its face in the snow .
i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture
Two little kids laugh at a park .
Several girls playing soccer .
A young child being hugged by a woman with light brown hair .
A man bakes in a kitchen while wearing gloves and a hat .
A group of men dressed in green parade down the street carrying a large crucifix .
Three people standing in the refrigerated juice aisle of a store .
Children look into a pond while older women toil behind them .
A cameraman videotapes a skier climbing a tree stump .
Three children are playing with a red ball in a park .
a bmx rider launches off a quarterpipe .
A large white bird flies over water .
Several families wearing identical t-shirts with Labor Day 2010 symbols are walking on the street .
A young boy with black shorts is surfing in the ocean .
Woman in a scarf strolls along a sidewalk .
A couple jumps in the water .
There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window .
A woman wearing a white tank top and white and red floral print skirt jumps for joy at the pier .
A family standing on a dock eating snacks !
Three people sing into a microphone .
A group of men in a bike race on a city street with a man in a gray and red Speedo outfit and helmet happily in the lead .
A child in a striped shirt is standing in front of a post .
A man plays an organ grinder with a toy bird in a cage .
Two little girls are hanging by their arms from a metal bar .
A man and a woman sitting at a table .
Two men are working at a construction site .
Two dogs standing in the grass , one is running .
A woman in a white jacket talks to a man in a gray jacket .
A woman holding an apple standing next to a display of oranges , apples and melons .
An old man and two old women standing on a German street .
The regional park police helicopter is preparing to land .
The old man with the blue jumpsuit is skateboarding on the sidewalk .
A man in a reflective vest stands in a hole in the ground .
People in the water at the beach .
Group of people doing a dance .
a brown dog jumping a wooden wall a few people standind around also
A black man playing a Yamaha keyboard .
Two children standing near a wheelbarrow are looking at the lake in front of them .
A black man stands next to a large wooden wheel on a boat .
A young man is playing the electric cello in front of a woman .
A man is waiting for his food to come .
Little girl with black hair , peach shirt with a tree and cat on it , white skirt with black polka dots posing in front of a downtown skyline .
A middle-aged woman is walking towards the camera 's point of view holding a shopping bag , beside her is a woman facing the other direction .
A boy in a blue jacket on a subway train .
Woman holds up a flag during a protest .
A woman with blond-hair and wearing a pink top is singing in a club .
A woman wearing a black shirt smiles as she blow dries her hair .
A woman weaving a striped piece of cloth with others in the background .
A man sleeping on a black couch .
A woman in a blue tank top and shorts with a concerned look on her face sits on a bench holding a baby and a cellphone .
Extreme rock wall climbing
A man in white and blue racing gear rides a stationary bike in front of a judge and an audience .
Two musicians are playing a duet one on a harp and the other on a violin .
two indian guys lounging outside .
A building says " you are here " upside down over it 's doorway .
A boy has fallen off of his bike onto the pavement .
A little girl is using the vacuum cleaner .
People at a park or beach surrounded by colorful artwork .
A group of people are sitting in a room .
A man wearing an orange shirt and blue hard hat is measuring an area .
Girls dressed in red stand in a line .
A heavyset tourist reads the posted news article on the wall of an underground subway .
A man and a woman hugging .
A yellow parasail is in the air .
Two little boys are playing outside with their soccer ball on the green grass .
A multicolored dog runs around obstacles on a course .
Several children playing on a beach .
Five people standing on grass .
A man holding onto a small girl on a bike .
A dog sniffs a newly cut tree trunk .
A motorcycle racer is riding a black motorcycle .
A black dog running in a backyard
A man reads the paper while waiting for the subway .
A young boy fixes his bike .
Two white standard poodles playing tug-of-war in the snow .
A child wearing goggles and wrapped in a towel is crying in front of a pool .
A biker and a pair of people on a moped drive by an Asian pharmacy .
A person is riding a bike along a street in a desolate city setting .
A group of men in the armed attempting to start up a mini motorcycle .
A man with shades and a black shirt on performing passionately on stage .
A man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs .
A shopkeeper talks to a customer outside his store .
A festival is going on right outside a lake , with several drummers in red shirts and a man on stilts playing the drums .
A man in blue jeans , a tan canvas long-sleeve shirt , and rubber gloves , holds a braided metallic wire .
Chef in an apron using a knife to cut an herb for preparation in cooking .
A blond woman in blue shorts walks on the beach carrying her shoes .
A group of women gather around a bread stall .
A man high on a tightrope walks and balances .
Man does a split in midair by a lovely pool .
Man shoveling snow away from his car .
two children play soccer next to a red cone .
A street musician is playing drums in a tunnel .
A troupe of dancers performs in a parade .
A family poses for a photograph outside a shopping center with a character dressed up as SpongeBob SquarePants .
Woman with red headscarf and green dress holding cigarette carton and sitting on concrete steps .
A little tan dog is in confrontation with a large black dog in the snow .
A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge .
Starting a game of hair hockey between two men .
A small child turns to look as she walks down a sandy path .
Students in a classroom gather around a teacher and pay attention .
Two men ride on a rural road in a flatbed vehicle pulled by two horses .
Two young girls at the beach .
Two men scantily clad performing acrobatic moves in front of a crowd
A little boy in a green shirt is attempting to brush his sister 's hair while she pulls away .
A soccer player high kicking with his leg parallel to the ground
A baby pulling all his toys out of his bin .
A man with a pencil perched on his ear is shaving a wooden board .
A man in a canoe paddles while another man tosses a net out into a large body of water .
A man in a blue jacket and white hat poses with an old fashioned camera .
students competing in a bot competition .
A man in sunglasses , a cap , dark jeans , and a denim jacket walks by an arch .
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball .
two girls are sitting on a park bench eating ice cream cones .
Three young children are standing on a fallen log .
A man is helping a lady put her goods in baskets .
A man with an orange shirt and sunglasses along with a young boy and train conductor ride a children 's train through a park .
A sleeping man lays on a bench , resting on the lap of an older , sleeping man .
A young lady in a striped shirt is waiting for the young lady with blond-hair who is writing .
A young man and woman in swimwear rafting .
A man is sorting and identifying trees in a wood .
a man in a store jumping across a shopping cart
This boy is asking for ice cream to eat in this summer .
A man is skateboarding up a ramp .
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it .
A young white boy with an orange shirt and white and black hat sitting next to a black steel ball in a large field .
A man is reaching to pick up a pipe .
A little boy in black shorts jumps into a backyard pool next to a yellow stucco house .
A man in a plaid shirt and a cowboy hat rides a brown horse .
A lonely bicycle rider going through town before the busy day begins .
Three men and one woman are sorting through stacks of light blue papers .
A woman in black pants and a purple top reads a book while sitting on a light blue bench seat next to her black and white purse .
A man wearing a black jacket is talking on a cellphone as he walks down a street .
Woman bending down to pick up a tennis ball outside in front of a wall with graffiti on it .
Three happy little girls posing for a photograph .
A woman in a light pink sweater casting a fishing line into a lake .
Child wearing a hat steps on rocks on shore , water in background .
The basketball player in the center is holding the ball and is defending it from the other team .
Young woman in ceremonial clothing walking with parasol .
A woman walking around the city at night .
An off-road biker taking a step curve .
The young girl in a cartoon shirt is enjoying a ride on a swing .
a young baby sitting in the middle of the floor surrounded by clean diapers
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .
Street vendors are selling fruits and vegetables in a stand and in large baskets on the ground .
The woman on the left is having her picture taken with another woman who is wearing a tall pink hat .
A man in a red uniform standing outside of Broad St Station talking on a cellphone .
Two young children are riding on the back of a bicycle .
A man does a bicycle trick on a concrete obstacle .
A group of jockeys are riding racehorses on a grass track .
The tennis player holds his racket in preparation for the ball .
The worker , in the blue suit , is digging in the dirt , while his coworker , in the gray-green suit , is attending the machine .
People standing around and shopping at a farmers market .
There is a lady and another person trying to wash the floor together .
A hooded man is tampering with a video cassette .
A man and a woman wearing a head covering turn the video camera on themselves .
A man sleeps in a hammock next to water and a boat .
A man is pushing an old bike with something tied on to the back of it .
A woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling .
A bunch of hippies laying on the ground being entertained by something we ca n't see .
Two boys play on a toy car .
A couple is sitting among ruins and is studying .
a group of soccer players waiting for the game to start
A group of people playing a board game in a dining room or kitchen .
Roppolo 's Pizzeria serves is open at night and serving customers .
A man is repairing vessel , two other people are sitting and watching him .
A theater worker changes the marquee outside a community theater .
A man sitting on a panel not enjoying the speech .
A man at a construction site standing on top of an incomplete bridge with a crane in front of it .
A woman with flowers in her hair balances a large bowl of fruit on her head .
The soldiers are in full gear standing in front of a tank .
A woman wearing a pink shirt and red apron stands in her restaurant holding food and surrounded by bagged breads , a microwave and the chalkboard menu up on the wall .
Three men at the beach drink beer and use a metal detector .
A girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop .
A mountain biker in a green shirt is suspended in the air .
A woman in white climbs up a metal structure .
The child enjoys going down the slide .
A group of people are gathered around a person laying on the ground .
A bald man wearing a striped shirt standing between columns and a body of water .
A man looks confused as he stands in front of a blue and white umbrella .
A young man checks his phone while leaning on a newspaper bin .
A man in a mask and wearing a Santa Claus suit .
A skater slides down a wall beside a long staircase .
A band is playing on stage .
An Indian man climbing a tree .
A small terrier plays in a sprinkler .
Two Little Boys , playing on a Merry-go -round .
Several gentlemen are speaking into a microphone and the man in the glasses appears to be saying something funny .
A Dalmatian dog running downhill through leaves in a wooded area .
A group of kids in red and white playing soccer .
a child is pushing another kid in a wheeler dressed in a red top and wearing a cap .
People at night waiting for a bus .
A busy city street with large buildings that have walkways connecting each other with many orange work vehicles everywhere .
A man and a dog navigate an obstacle course .
Three girls smiling and laughing while a boy sits and watches .
Two Indian men participating in a ceremony .
A man climbing a rock wall
A child at the height of a swing .
The gray dog is running on a green field .
Racing on wet road while man hangs on back .
A group of people listening to a speech or presentation near the front of the room .
A little boy dressed as a pirate is holding up the skull pirate flag .
The person is in a conoe and holding a paddle in front of some mountains .
A group of people enjoy a reception .
A crowd of standing and sitting people taking their own pictures with multiple cameras .
A worker in a blue collared shirt and black pants walking by his orange work van .
A male child jumping off a ledge , he has a backpack on his back and a toy airplane in his left hand .
People running downhill in a city .
A community on a frozen pond in winter skating around .
Three people are standing at a carnival game .
Two men in suits sitting on stage with microphones near their mouths and a powerpoint picture in the background .
People surrounded by green are sitting .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A woman in a black and mint shirt preparing food during a cooking class .
Two smiling people walk down the street pushing a car filled with various fruits and flowers .
Man building a sand castle .
A man stands next to his yellow boat in the water .
2 young childern in bathing suits and goggles , wearing swimsuits and sand toys playing on a bed .
Several people with head shawls on in a crowded busy market .
Skateboarder in black with yellow skateboard in midair .
A man and a woman stand in front of Stonehurst Elementary School holding signs which protest against ICE raids in California .
A woman with a baby carriage walks towards a group of young men .
Two woman in white with brown handbags , one of which is holding a big white umbrella , are standing near a booth .
A boy runs near some steps .
Woman is about to hit a volleyball during the London 2012 olympics .
There is a rider on a dirt bike in race gear on a paved track .
A group of Asian boys are playing on a swing set .
One brown and black dog standing in the sand at the beach .
A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills .
A man stands in front of a camera in a Walmart store .
A clown with red-hair squirts water out of his eyes .
A woman in a blue shirt is standing by a blue tent .
A man in a black suit is looking at a map .
There is a group of people , and a mother putting hearing protection in her son 's ears out in a field by and electrical tower .
A person is jumping at the top of a sand dune .
A man and his friend hiking in a mountain near Bakersfield , California .
A dog laying on the side of the street .
An elderly woman wearing a black coat and a green scarf , looks at her watch as a man is looking at her with his mouth open .
A blond woman pours a glass of wine in a dim restaurant .
The dogs are playing on the bed .
A young boy wearing a blue and brow shirt with horizontal strips joyfully plays with an arts & crafts project outdoors on a patio on a gloomy day with trees and houses in the background .
Man sitting on a stool making a wedding cake .
A man using ice picks hiking up a mountain .
A dog wearing a green sweater and backpack running in the snow
A woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis .
Four young men enjoy a dip in the local lake .
A woman wearing a black shirt and shorts walks through a fountain .
Three men play street percussion instruments .
Guy on bicycle with seeing eye German Shepard dog .
A group of children and adults are riding a carnival ride .
Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor , seated figure in background .
A man sits down on a chair , checking his phone while relaxing .
A woman with a red shirt and blue boots wearing a plastic bag to protect her from the rain glances down at her bundle of bok choi vegetables .
a skier jumping and having fun on the snow
A child plays on the floor .
A man with long hair talking on phone .
A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background .
Women sitting in yellow kayak with her dog .
The large brown dog faces the little white dog on the grass .
A white horse and a rider wearing a ale blue shirt , white pants , and a black helmet are jumping a hurdle .
A woman wearing a pink shirt and a name tag which reads " Amanda " applies lipstick to her upper lip , her mouth moderately open .
A line is beginning to form at The Cheap Tab Shop .
People watching a parade going down the street .
The man in the red shorts has a tattoo on his leg .
One woman showing an object to two other women .
Ypoung girl with arms crossed over her heart wearing a bikini setting in tall grass in front of a body of water .
A dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd .
A woman is working behind a bar .
Children playing and fishing on a beach .
Several people standing at a stoplight waiting to cross the street .
A girl in a school uniform is reading in her town .
A woman and a man sit a table in a bar .
Warehouse workers standing near a loader .
A poster outside a building shows two figures dancing .
A man in a black shirt fishing on a rocky shore .
A man in a black wetsuit rides a surfboard on a wave .
There is a group of seven people posing for a picture .
a boy in a gray hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall .
Boys in uniform behind a ball .
women in white shirt sitting on a folding chair with three boys in black shirts standing behind her .
An older lady wearing glasses , sitting alone at a corner table , reading a book and having a meal .
A man performing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp .
A football player is sandwiched between two football players on the opposing team .
A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching .
A little boy is pointing his finger on a dish while a man holds the dish .
a young man playing a motorcycle video game .
A baseball game in the park with spectators looking on .
Three construction workers are working at night .
A man with a mustache sells various types of whole fish .
A woman cutting fabric flowers in a market .
Black dog jumps for white ball .
A woman in a red hat carrying ice cream cones on her head .
These little girls are in Chinese geisha outfits and makeup , holding red umbrellas .
A diver swims past a school of colorful fish .
A woman in a blue outfit pulls a cat off the roof of a car .
A male is looking down in front of two displays that one has a flag in .
A crowd of people is walking along a promenade under signs that say " hub " .
A woman is admiring and blowing dandelions on a beautiful spring day .
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor .
Two people dressed in snow gear , trying to cook a meal over a small burner , with a small coal and wood campfire .
A short-haired woman is cutting a man 's hair outside .
Five women with covered heads are standing in a crowd .
A young brunette woman performs on the violin .
Six pre-teen boys posing in front of an old building
A man is holding a binder and is standing between a middle-aged woman and a middle-aged man .
Many hockey players are bunched up around the goal , the goalie is in a crouched position and one player wearing a red and white jersey appears to be celebrating .
A woman purchases a spool of yarn from another woman , who is selling on the side of the street .
A group of men in helmets and uniforms rollerskate while a referee watches .
A sculptor of a topless woman reaching upwards is attached to a flat wall of a building with a row of barred doors at the ground level .
Two motorists are riding along on their vehicle that is oddly designed and colored .
Marathon runner Izabella running while being followed by a crowd of people in costumes .
A man looking through a microscope while working on a circuit board .
A man appears to be balancing on a bicycle on top of some sort of mechanism while " swallowing " a sword shaped balloon .
A boy plays with a water tube .
An Asian girl in a red jacket gestures as she walks with a female friend .
A man is crafting a wooden piece using a tool and his feet .
little girl standing with her cycle in the street .
Many people have gathered in the street .
A girl begins to climb a red piece of playground equipment .
A mock sword fight in some Latin American country .
A young girl holds her hair as the wind blows .
Two young boys rollerskating with a girl and her mother in the background .
Two children jumping in the sand on a beach , the sand is being kicked up and the water is bright blue .
A woman and a barefoot man lay down on rocky terrain .
A cook prepares a meal in the kitchen .
A little boy with blond-hair is sitting on the floor cutting something with scissors .
A shirtless man is sitting on the ground holding fruit .
A volleyball player is punching the ball over the net .
At the party , the woman in red is ready to pop the champagne and make a toast .
The man in the orange shirt is running a marathon .
Puffy white clouds among a blue sky are above a group of four Native American Indians playing instruments for a crowd of people .
A group of five women in blue skirts practicing archery .
Three men walking in front of a colorful tent with a sign on it .
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach .
Two people compete in a wheelchair race on a city street .
The two boys are playing in wet sand .
A man sitting up high in the air on a cliff .
A dog is running through some dead leaves .
A man standing at a folding table sells soda stored in a metal tub .
A woman with long dark hair is speaking to a man in a brown coat .
A boy surfs .
Two people and a stroller sitting on a bench .
A man stands on the rocks overlooking a bike with a hitch .
A big brother walking his little sister through a walkway on the family property .
A man and woman in ethnic clothing are holding hands and dancing .
The adult is covering their face with a piece of clothing outside
A little boy with brown hair jumped off of a brown chair onto the floor .
Many people walk on a sidewalk filled with blue street signs next to a row of buildings including one with yellow balconies .
a dog chases a toy .
The man is dropping from a swinging rope into a calm river .
Two men are hard at work in what appears to be snow removal .
A man in a black shirt and baseball cap speaks or sings into a microphone .
A relaxing day of fishing for this young man .
A man speaking at a conference .
A person sits on a snowbank watching a snowboarder take a high leap .
A group of young people performing on a stage .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt and backpack is pushing a little boy wearing a green shirt in a blue stroller .
A man wearing white , including shin guards , swings the bat in a cricket game .
A girl sits on a rock wall while looking at her cellphone .
A man and woman are riding bikes on a street with a gray van visible in the background next to other cars .
A woman , wearing a dress , while sitting down playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone .
A man in a brown hat and red apron is attending an outdoor grill .
A baseball player throwing a baseball from the pitchers mound to a catcher .
A brown and white dog jumps in the air to catch a snowball .
A man is bowing his head and clasping his hands together in front of a gold statue .
A man in dress shirt and tie is talking on a cellphone .
A woman in a magazine stand .
Several people are juggling balls on the pavement while kids are looking on .
Construction workers working at night .
Two casually dressed men sit down and enjoy a beer and food outdoors .
A firefighter is wrapping caution tape around a light post .
A young girl sits at a table and eats .
Two women power walking in the streets .
A man in a light green shirt is riding in a light green street cleaning type vehicle .
Two dogs running up a grassy hill .
A lady in a blue shirt and jeans reading a book .
A runway guide with a green vest checks the controls in a airplane
A young man rides a yellow and black skateboard at the top of a ramp .
A person holds a blow horn while wearing a helmet .
The man with the blue checked shirt is taking pictures .
A small child sits in a bathroom sauna wearing a robe .
A young Asian girl holds a stuffed cat toy in a classroom .
A beautiful ballerina is dancing on the beach by herself .
The two dogs in the snow have a red leash .
On old man is forging metal , while another person stands waiting with a mallet .
A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men , one carrying a guitar , walk by .
A woman painting in the middle of the forest .
A man is sitting outside in a blue lawn chair and painting a man with black hair on to a canvas .
A man reads his newspaper on a subway .
A woman in a white dress is walking down the street .
A man wearing a jacket is having a drink .
In this photo , indian men and women are in a parade dancing .
A city street scene adorned with people and rooftops .
A boy wearing a life jacket has an apple in his mouth .
Two men are using two horse to help with farm work .
A few people on a city street .
A man is laying on the ground next to a bull and another man is running towards him .
A man and woman are traveling on a moped on a brick lined street .
Two people are walking towards a lays truck .
Two little kids are in a bathtub with a yellow and blue umbrella .
A person crosses the street and avoids the spill of paint .
A group of people are in a street .
A man in suit with face paint is playing a guitar on stage .
A mom and son having fun at the lake during winter .
Four young people are standing in a run down alleyway posing for a picture .
A surfer catches a gnarly wave .
a group of older people standing around talking outside .
A pale man with blond-hair stands on stage covered in silver paint and wears white pants .
A man plays buckets like drums .
A woman with large sunglasses happens to be hula hooping .
Three people on a ski trail on a sunny day .
Two gentlemen are half buried by a natural disaster .
A person dressed in a black shirt and a person dressed in a blue shirt are standing on a mound of sand .
A man wearing a black hat opens a newspaper .
Several people in line for checkout at a large store .
A group of people standing on the sidewalk and looking across the street .
A woman smoking and blowing the smoke out .
an older man with long blond-hair wearing a rocker outfit
A motorcycle rider leans in during a turn .
Young woman is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit .
Woman in pink parka sits near vending machine .
Young girl in red skirt jumping in water on a flooded street .
man standing against blue wall with shirt on head
Two brown dogs on the sand
People are in a room practicing a martial art .
a woman putting a necklace on another woman
People stand at a bar or sit at tables in a room decorated for a celebration .
A woman is standing on a street corner .
Two Asian women wearing aprons are working in a shop that makes food .
The little girl has heart shaped wings made out of long twisted balloons and is dressed in pink from head to toe .
The big white dog is running in the grass .
A chef buying fresh produce for the restaurant .
A man is riding a bike on a street in front of a building with a lot of artistic details on it .
A man beginning his leap off cliff , into water , with others watching .
A guy in a baseball uniform throwing a pitch .
A brown dog lays on the ground in front of a doorway beside a red box on a pedestal .
A man wearing headphones is controlling a machine .
A female hula hooping in front of a crowd .
A man with a hat and blue jacket buying something at a marketplace .
Three children are playing in sand near to the beach .
A young boy and girl playing Pokemon .
A little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel .
A baby wearing a pink stereoscope is playing with rubber gloves .
Two women , wearing blue , smile as they run in a race .
A small child in an Izod shirt holds a cellphone to her ear .
A motorcyclist rides down a ramp held up by colorful barrels .
Gray-blue bird with white markings on neck and wings in flight .
Three teenagers out at night .
A young girl walks down the streets of a relatively low income neighborhood while others are doing their business in the background .
Three women in hats walk down a sidewalk .
Asian people are standing in front of a vegetable market .
A man standing on a stage playing a guitar and a harmonica waving to the crowd .
A woman wearing eyeglasses , sitting in front of the table while making jewelries .
A man wearing orange reflective clothing and a red hard hat shovels watery mud next to a low cement wall .
Farmers markets and bike riders on three wheeled bikes .
A man with brown hair is wearing a button up shirt .
A little girl in a pink coat stands on a pink scooter on an outdoor walking path while a younger boy sits on a blue tricycle beside her .
A man standing on a ladder doing repairs on a old blue and white brick building
A woman eating food with her hands .
Minivan drives down wet urban street at night , splashing water .
A man in a red top and hat playing what seems to be a musical instrument .
A white dog is running with a brown ball in its mouth .
A disabled person pushing her cart along side the building .
A man looks like he 's in pain as he runs in a race .
A few firefighters , wearing black , yellow , and pink jackets , standing next to a firetruck .
A man crouching down on some rocks in the ocean .
A young boy pretending to steer a wheel of a ship .
many people taking pictures of the mountains in front of a no truck sign
A small child wearing a helmet sits on a bike with training wheels in front of a brick house surrounded by a brick wall and white entrance gate .
A shirtless man in red shorts bouncing a basketball on a court .
Two indigenous people wearing traditional costumes of reed hats and necklaces .
A girl twirls in a pink dress .
Two women , one in a green shirt and one in a brown shirt , walking down the street with water bottles .
A man in a costume has himself some water .
A baseball player is sliding into base as another tries to tag him .
Two young men talk together on an outdoor sidewalk on a dark night .
A boy laughs as he is hit with a beach ball .
A group of young adults stand outside a building .
A Girl with long brown hair standing outside .
A cartoon cutout of Snow White is standing in front of a store display window while a woman in a large hat is standing cross legged at the door .
A young man is riding a skateboard in a half-pipe while wearing safety gear .
A woman with a form of arms spread and one leg up on the shore of the ocean .
Three kids looking over a sailboat .
a man in a black leather jacket is shuffling down the sidewalk .
A male is walking down a snowy road .
The children and their parents are waiting by the steps .
A man is squatting down using an angle grinder to work on construction .
two young children RIF=ding sleds down the snow .
A large black dog towers over a far smaller black dog .
This is a boy that is a guest at Jewish outing .
A man in a blue shirt ties a knot in a blue rope .
Several children in outfits are in a dark room , and two of them are holding onto ropes in the air .
a man and women dancing and looking into each other eyes .
Dogs and their masters gather on a dirt trail .
Zoey Dashnell walks towards a microphone carrying a tambourine .
Asian Girl in red hoodie sitting at table eating with friends .
A little boy in a winter coat is standing on the edge of water .
An old man is playing his guitar .
Two little boys with brown hair sit on the countertop and help stir the pots .
A man in jeans and a brown shirt is pushing dollies .
Happy people enjoy each other 's company at a table full of empty dishes , while they wait for a meal to be served .
A shoeless bald man in blue jeans leaning relaxed with his hands on his head .
Two men wrestling at a match .
Neck and neck to the finish line , every competitor has been training for this race .
A man in a cap with a goatee leans against the window and reads a magazine .
The girl in red and black is holding a violin and bow .
The helmeted man rides a green Kawasaki .
a man and a woman outside , the woman is standing while the man is seated
A group of people are passing through the town square .
Two dogs play with each other in the grass .
Three children are walking past a parking garage , one of them is on a bike .
A group of people sitting in a subway station looking at the camera .
A black and white image of a jogger running in the rain on a street after a car .
A little girl in a white top is inside a concrete tube .
Two people smiling while riding their bicycles down the road .
A man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him .
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass .
A young boy and a toddler play in a fountain in front of a building .
not having such a good day .
A woman with short hair wearing a skirt , shirt , and sunglasses is juggling three oranges .
A person is posing for a picture under a lamp post in the snow .
A large crowd of different people walking up and down a set of high bleachers or stairs .
Person doing a skateboard stunt
A woman with short blond-hair is playing the violin .
They are writing while wearing blue .
A dog in a field .
A boy wearing a white apron has is arms out in a communal darts and craft room whilst a boy in blue looks on .
A man in a blue suit is walking down the street .
A lady dances in a polka dot dress and a head of flowers with a fan clasped in her hand while others are looking in a different direction with two men holding onto a ladder and others discussing .
A lady dressed in red laughing with a lady dressed in green holding plates of food in their hands .
A man stands on a narrow but colorful street .
An old man sits .
A family of four sit on a quilt in a crowd of others .
A woman works with yellow and white fabric on a wooden stand .
A young boy is buckled into a car seat making a silly face .
A dog is jumping into the water
Child crouches in tire .
Two young girls are riding a large bicycle on the side of the road .
One cyclist takes the lead over the other 3 , racing in the velodrome .
A man wearing a tan sweatshirt and jeans is transporting wooden furniture in a blue container on wheels across a street .
A gymnast in a black and purple colored costume is dancing with a fuchsia colored ribbon .
Two people fishing from a boat on a river .
A crowd is watching two women dressed in traditional Asian attire preparing to shoot arrows with their bows .
The officer is standing near a bush .
Women join arms and dance in a circle while men watch and sing and the background .
An older lady with a cane is sitting on a red bench .
A black car on the street behind wire mesh .
Lady with red-hair in jeans and gray sweater holding a cigarette .
A cute baby boy is sitting on the bed looking very happy .
Two construction workers sitting around a hole with a third construction worker in it .
A woman is pressing the crosswalk button .
A dark-haired young man dressed in black reads to a young woman lying down
A man dressed in a suit holding the hand of little boy , walking .
Older man uses grinder in presentation .
A boy in blue slides down a tan slide .
Several dogs are running down a cement and dirt path , with two brown ones in the lead .
A group of children look at toys for sale at a swap meet .
Two dolphins jumping into the water .
Two workers holding up the tree look around , while the other two work hard with their shovels .
A young woman sitting on a park bench .
A woman in a flowered sundress walks her white chihuahua past a green building .
Man with a long beard and mohawk sits outside holding a drink .
A man carries a tray of glasses .
Orchestra members , one female , two males , one unidentifiable , are practicing on their stringed instruments
A kite surfer is doing a flip over the waves .
Man in a business suit holding a protest sign by the street .
a lone climber wearing a white helmet climbing a wall .
A young boy and girl hug and smile .
A tennis player getting ready to serve the ball .
A woman in black is sitting at a table with her forehead in her left hand as she writes in a note pad next to a white coffee cup .
A man rides his dirt bike down a rocky trail .
A woman is wearing a red ribbon .
A man is talking to a mounted policeman outside a stadium .
A group of men in red shirts play instruments together .
An older Asian man wading through a marsh whilst clutching vegetation in one hand .
These men operate the cement mixer .
A man standing looking sad with cleaner and a tool next to him .
An older man is looking at a woman in a yellow shirt while they sit on benches in front of a stone and plaster wall .
An older gentleman smiles for the camera while enjoying the beach .
Two boys crossing a street with a red ball .
A couple hockey players wearing red white and blue during a intense game
A man in a leather jacket and cowboy hat walks through a mall .
Girl with long black hair and white helmet , pouring water from black kettle into mugs .
Two people are standing in front of a table that holds deserts .
Two young men talking in front of a Penn State Basketball table .
A blond woman in a white dress with red shoes standing in grass .
A boy is holding a tennis racket high .
Two people stand on a dock , looking out onto a lake .
Runners jog through city streets trailed by crowds on onlookers .
A man pulling up a child with a rope
A woman stands at the edge of a cliff overlooking the mountains .
A martial artist breaks ice with a kick .
Four dark-skinned people in tribal clothing walk in different directions in front of a cluster of large grass huts .
A man sitting at a computer working .
A multitude of people in swim-wear play in the water in front of a white wall while people behind a row of bicycles look on .
A teenage boy is jumping off the side of a building with his skateboard about five feet in the air .
A woman speaks into a bullhorn on a cold night .
A young child in a green jacket rakes leaves .
Dancing crew called the Beat Sisters performing on stage .
Two young girls play in a room where the bunk bed was constructed to look like a castle .
A cyclist in a midair jump .
A man looks at an iPad on a subway , while a beautiful women reads a book .
Two bicyclists riding beside some railroad tracks .
Four people are standing at a rail looking at the ocean .
Long-haired bearded man playing the guitar in front of an American flag .
A football player leaps over the defense .
Young girl in pink hat taking pictures .
An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background .
A fat woman with a black shirt on , sitting across from a thinner woman wearing a green jack , while they 're both on they 're laptops .
A man is playing the guitar with several other people standing around him .
A man standing behind a small black and white dog doing a back flip .
People filling a large black container with water .
A young woman is drinking a beer while dressing in a pageant costume which includes lots of pink feathers and beads .
Three musical performers do their act .
Someone in a gas mask is looking into a toilet .
An ice skater doing a split on one foot .
Two men each have one arm around each other and are in formal dresswear
Two women sit on a bench next to a bronze statue .
A man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront .
Two guys playing football .
A guy holds a bunch of grass .
A man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by .
Two men standing in an open doorway to a hanger , with the third man inside .
Men riding scooters outside .
the canter in red and gold sings to his church .
A young man in a yellow helmet is carrying a football .
A family stands in the snowy woods .
A woman shops for bananas in an open-air market .
A woman in white holds some roses standing next to a young girl also in white .
Two men wearing white shirts wearing helmets while riding a bike .
a crying woman is talking into a microphone .
A parent is brushing their child 's teeth .
A man wearing a breathing filter is painting some marks with red paint on a large , blue painting .
Basketball player attempts to dunk the basketball while being surrounded by three members of the opposing team .
Two little kids , one boy and one girl , are playing with crayons , drawing on the wall .
Two men in black are running through a forest .
A woman is sitting on the floor watching a child open a present .
A kayaker is battling waves in a purple boat while wearing rain gear .
Three firefighters duck from fire and smoke coming from a building .
Man using ax to take down a structure .
Four people in a room sitting down while a woman in blue talks to another woman sitting behind her .
A man and woman laughing .
Four men play a basketball game against each other .
Woman and man in shorts hold hands as they walk on a busy sidewalk .
Man in blue and red festive costume .
A lady looking an information board .
Two girls are walking past a storefront that is closed .
Man and jumping dog perform Frisbee act for crowd at outdoor event .
Dog running out of tunnel on obstacle course
four children are outside in a line all in a crab position .
A girl in a white shirt , blue shorts , and yellow socks kicks a pink soccer ball .
Some people participating in a road race .
A girl with a yellow top threw her radio over the side of the bus .
A fit young man is repelling up a mountain wall in a forested area .
Several people talking and spending time together in a room .
The old man in a black suit and brown shoes is holding a yarn spinner that has spun wool on it .
A group of people are enjoying beers in the park .
A man is riding a bicycle .
On stage , a man in a suit plays French horn while a woman behind him plays piano .
The boy in the red hat and shirt is wading in the shallows of the river .
A girl blows into a large yellow balloon .
Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area .
A ruddy infant lies on a patterned sheet with his eyes closed , his mouth open , and his arm extended .
A long-distance shot of a beach with people and animals .
walking down flower lined sidewalk wearing yellow shirt
A little boy wearing jeans is holding a hula hoop , surrounded by little girls in pink tutus .
Someone is snowboarding down a hill , shredding snow .
An older male wearing a black cowboy hat in front of a microphone .
Police officer is walking down a street looking at a window display .
A woman playing video slots in a casino .
a dog and a redheaded bird are swimming in the water
A man and woman sleeping on a bus .
A young man is walking past a storefront that says " C E " on it in giant lettering .
Two men , one of which is bald , in a bathroom .
At the corner of an intersection , a black vehicle waits as a woman in black holding a bag is crossing the street .
Chocolate brown dog running on grass with something in its mouth .
A balloon artist is showing his work to two young children .
a German Sheppard dog bting a large red ball
The man is in the field with four dogs who are running .
Girl with funking face on her jacket looking in bins with name on them .
A black dog is in action on a grassy area .
A woman is about to make waffles .
A boy and a girl at the beach , throwing sand .
A man sorts tropical fruit .
a group of people in a room with laptops on their desk .
Three guys standing together with roll around luggage on a brick road in front of very old church type brick building with wood door .
Two young male hikers using a map and compass to find their direction in the woods .
A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .
A small child sliding down a snowy hill .
A duck stands on the sidewalk as people approach .
A group of people go down the rapids in a blue and yellow raft .
A man on a boat wearing orange pants holding a rope .
A father with a red shirt and beard is cuddling with his two children in a chair .
A young boy shoveling snow .
2 tourists are being photographed in front of a tourist attraction .
An Asian lady wearing a blue long-sleeve shirt cleaning chicken in a blue tub .
Female with glasses , holding a camera , shades her eyes with her hands while standing in the foreground of an ocean view .
A young boy in shorts and a t-shirt chasing two birds while a man in shorts and t-shirt follows a few steps behind .
People waiting to speak into a microphone at a J.P. Morgan corporate challenge .
A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore .
A group of people being served at a wine and food bar .
A person on a bmx bike .
A group of people sit on the beach , beyond a sign warning of rogue waves .
A man in a white shirt is working at a food cart .
A black and white dog jumps over a pole while splashing water around .
A man wearing white boxers is bathing outside using an orange bucket .
Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .
Indian couple holding child near riverbank .
Three men standing outside in suits are talking and laughing .
A man in blue works on a tile roof .
Two men are speaking too a woman outside , there are trees around them and a building in the background .
A woman sitting in a chair attached to a long wooden arm with a crowd gathered around her .
A young girl upside down on a swing set
A black man and his dog on the beach .
A person in a scary mask .
People are on a platform getting on and off of a red and blue train .
A bicyclist rides down the road near snow .
A lady in a red shirt looking at items for sale at a garage sale .
Woman in a black dress walking on the street .
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag .
a man wearing a yellow shirt with glasses shows a friend a picture he 's taken
Older woman in a long gray coat shopping at a market .
Three people standing in front of a table with their hands outstretched .
A woman hangs socks on a line outside her window .
a black dog plays in the water .
A fisherman with a boat full of fish .
A man wearing slacks and a red shirt dances with a woman wearing a tight red dress .
Two men wearing hard hats and tool belts are standing on a scaffold .
A man rides a surfboard as a wave comes up behind him .
A young barefoot woman splashes through puddles as she runs a race .
The white dog looks happy running .
A man wearing a green headband is working on a construction project .
A man and a woman sitting on a bench in the sun .
Woman in white pants and turquoise tank top faces away .
A black man stands on a moving boat in the harbor .
The man is standing behind his opened back hatch of his vehicle .
A woman is running down the street and a man is behind her riding a bicycle .
Kids aggressively getting ready for a play in football .
A small boy in the bath covered in soap suds .
Brazilian mime is playing the racket as a guitar for his solo performance on the streets of Brazil in this picture .
The girls are taking a picture of themselves .
A young man dressed in a t-shirt and shorts is sitting on the ground and holding his boot in his hand and smiling .
A person with blond-hair is walking on the sand into the water .
Woman playing ball with friends .
Children in a group interacting .
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street .
A person wearing a blue mambo shirt has his back to the camera .
Three people are pictured walking down and alleyway .
Two men walk past outdoor cafes .
Narrow streetway in old village .
Two friends catch up over a couple of drinks .
A woman in a grass skirt is holding a piece of pottery .
A black-haired man is sitting on a bench on grass , and near cement and wood blocks .
A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf .
A man in a red baseball cap is leaning against a light pole .
Young girls performing some kind of dance .
A young girl wearing a blue bathing suit plays in the waves at the beach .
A guy wearing a white shirt and khaki pants is sitting on steps made of stone .
A single man in a black t-shirt standing above the crowd at a busy bar .
Two children smiling in front of the camera while they are in the swimming pool
The man in the black hat is sitting on the floor beside the green door .
Two women are pulling suitcases along a wide sidewalk .
Two firefighters are standing outside an orange building and talking .
Seven girls all wearing neon pink wigs .
Two small children and a baby are playing with a lot of toys together .
Young blond child in gray shirt playing in a cardboard box .
A man in a black suit , is standing in front of a group of people in white suits and black dresses .
A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower .
Two men 's soccer teams compete for a ball under the lights at a night game .
Two men do trick in a park .
An older man in blue pants is sitting across a bench with his eyes closed .
Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .
A man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds .
Man wearing black with long hair and a black hat on a sidewalk playing a double necked guitar .
A woman stands holding an orange cup in front of a crowd .
Man in black shirt hugging woman in white shirt , gray skirt .
Two people are sitting on a wooden structure near a tree while conversing .
Two women sell fruit in a market .
Using an anvil , a worker shapes a piece of metal .
Girl in a blue jacket is eating a panini .
At an outdoor market , a small group of people stoop to buy potatoes from a street vendor , who has his goods laid out on the ground .
A man with a hat is playing the drum in the street .
A shirtless man uncoils wire by a brick building .
I see two guys playing basket one with a white tee and the other with a black .
A young man in his 20 's sits on a bench in front of a yellow truck .
A man is talking in the foreground while a woman is talking in the background .
Two construction workers are maneuvering a log onto or off of a flatbed on a heavily tree-lined road .
A group of friends are getting ready to go skiing .
A black-haired woman wearing white skirt , white shirt , white apron and black shoes is sweeping the floor .
3pm and struggling to stay awake at work .
Baby sitting in chair with stuffed SpongeBob doll .
A young man plays the trumpet .
A group of race horses run down a track carrying jockeys .
A young child in an African setting is smiling and holding food in an organic bowl .
Circus performer gesturing upward while hold a dog between his legs , with a man and two goats in the background .
Asian people talking in a group at a public business .
A crowd in stands holding up the letters " K " , " R " , " U " , " N " , and " C " .
Lady in blue gets popcorn while two ladies in headdress look at a cellphone .
The trolley carrying people is pictured in front of a building .
A person wearing a helmet is racing in a car .
Group of men standing in front of curtain talking to the crowd .
Three people are setting up chairs on the beach .
A very very wide roller coaster trundles down the track .
A man with his arm around a lady in a brown jacket
A person is skateboarding in a skate hole
A young boy in a green shirt and purple pants is running across the sand .
Children and teacher keeping busy with arts and crafts during class .
Sporting a motorcycle helmet and boxing glove on a stick , a man on a bike prepares for battle .
Two little girls are standing in front of a gate .
A man in a suit dozes on a park bench , with a sign for the subway in the background .
A lady is making yarn on an old wheel .
A man with a white t-shirt and a white shirt with black stripes has two guns pointed at his face .
A brown and white horse runs quickly .
A man wrapping a gray collared shirt over his head while a friend holds up a mobile device .
A young man standing in front of a red freight car holding a camera and taking a photo .
A man with sunglasses is talking on a cellphone .
A blue car drives past a group of people standing under an umbrella .
Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam
A band , whose members are dressed in wetsuits and flippers , walk down the street .
Young boy plays outdoors in the leaves .
A man in a red hat is climbing up a rock hillside .
A woman in a plaid shirt is looking at a microscope at her desk .
A person hikes through the forest .
An old man in a dark shirt is using an electric saw to cut through wood
A man is steering his ship out at sea .
A pole vaulter in a blue and red uniform has just gone over the bar but has not yet let go of the pole .
An elderly woman with a black shoulder bag and a brown hat sits on a park bench eating an ice cream cone .
A woman in a brown dress sits on the lap of man , next to two women .
People studying a display .
A little girl is laying down on her back on a hardwood floor , looking out of the corner of her eyes at a smaller child who is wearing pajamas , a hairnet and a surgical mask .
A soccer player wearing white shorts and an orange and green shirt holds the ball while being guarded by another soccer player in a blue uniform .
Two men are lifting a sheet of glass that has a blue piece of equipment attached to it .
A woman in a white shirt looks at a camera while two men look off-camera .
A woman on the uneven bars doing a gymnastics exercise while people are watch her out of focus .
A man and woman sit on a dock looking out over the water on an overcast day .
A tired woman rests her head on her friend 's shoulder in an auditorium .
A man in a rodeo is riding a bull while others watch .
The boy does a flip over a grassy yard .
A man sitting in a racing car with black sunglasses and a look that reads " I 'm ready to win . "
A woman in a pink sweater rides her bike along side cars .
A woman in black athletic gear and a blue helmet tries to move past another woman in similar gear and a black helmet with a referee on each side of them
A man in a white shirt and green vest using old tools to shape a piece of tree trunk .
A football receiver make a catch in the end zone .
A man in a cowboy hat , Texan boots , and a blue shirt bucks violently on a black horse with a white spot on its ' forehead .
Three people walking in front of an old colonial looking building with a bright green streetlight above them .
A man is about to land on the ground after parachuting at a blue angels air show .
A woman dressed in a black shirt is standing at a kitchen sink , washing a cutting board , looking at the camera .
Three guys on horses are entertaining the crowd as they do their show .
A group of divers preparing to jump into a pool from diving boards of various heights .
There is a young child in play clothes playing with the sand using a plastic scoop and the calm water in the lake or ocean in the background .
A man with black hair and blue shirt looking at a young girl with brown hair and a flower dress in a park .
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd .
A young boy stands on a wide floor with his mouth open .
A child is stretching out a slinky while a crowd of people pass by
A lone old man sitting on a white chair in front of a gate .
Women walking through deep snow and down a steep hill .
Two women stand in front of a herd of goats .
A female cleans the area in front of a door by sweeping .
A man and his dog play tug-of-war with a rope .
Two people look on in the nighttime at the lights in a city .
Two dogs play with a green ball on a wooden deck .
Three dogs that are different shades of brown and white are running in a field .
Three girls in black and white dresses are walking downtown .
A toddler girl in a flowered skirt is chewing on a toy .
A dog fetching a stick in the water .
A lady rows a canoe filled with things .
A couple sitting on a bench facing each other .
the dog in the picture does n't like blowing dryer .
One gentleman in a hat and off white shirt is chatting with another gentleman in a black shirt while they are sipping hot drinks .
The man with the ponytail and helmet looks on .
a cheerleading squad performing in front of an audience
A soldier walks with two women and an older man down a street that is strewn with fall leaves .
Two black men are playing trumpets together in a city setting .
A person speaks at a protest on a college campus .
Men working on a photo shoot .
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him .
An African-American woman sleeps as she holds a sleeping child .
Two kids watching another kid perform skateboard tricks
Two people are wearing flower costumes and walking down a street .
A man in a black and white striped shirted tries to wrangle a horse at the rodeo while another man does the same just behind him .
A man is on an exercise ball holding a baby .
A boy in green trunks slides down a water slide .
People are walking in the city .
Woman diving into deep end of a swimming pool .
The small dog on the leash is walking through the snow .
There is a group of 8 young children holding sticks while standing in the grass .
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .
A large brown and white bull tries his best to throw off a rodeo rider .
Two men sleep in the backseat of a car .
People are walking down a narrow shop-filled asian alley .
An oddly dressed man gazes from over a pile of junk food .
A foreign woman has a basket on her back that is filled with wood
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen .
A large number of people walk or rest near a fountain .
A man is bending down and digging in a white bag .
Two dogs run towards each other on a rocky area with water in the background .
A man wearing a flannel shirt is knelt down working in a garage .
A red-haired woman rides a train .
A woman in a pink sweater sitting next to a man in a white windbreaker in front of a mobile food van .
The man in the hat and sandals is pulling a cart behind him .
A dancer pole dancing in the middle of the street outside BUA.
Two woman are running together .
The couple is walking down the street talking on their cellphones .
A man with black hair and wearing a green shirt is scratching his head .
African children sit waving in teal classroom with red benches and tables .
Two females and one male looking at various merchandise .
A guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars
Man pumps up bike tire on one of two bikes mounted on a rack on the back of his car
A white dog lifts its paw as it stands on the grass near striped poles .
A group of children play tambourines .
A lady with blue hair sit and plays a guitar in front of a blue wall .
A Caucasian man is teaching a class in Asia .
People crossing the street
Woman in crowd drinks from a bottle of champagne .
A man holds a tent on a mountain campsite .
A man in green scrubs is performing surgery .
A woman with a large purse resting her foot against a wall .
Two girls in mid leap , one with jeans and red shirt other with black pants floral shirt
There is a dark-haired woman sitting behind a computer with her hands resting on the keyboard .
A military man is peeking out of the top of his tank .
A man is walking on top of a large sand dune in the desert .
Many people are walking on a stone-lined street towards a red temple with many windows .
A man in dress clothes and a man in jeans at the front of an auditorium .
People partying in an auditorium and one girl is holding up an umbrella .
Small dog chews on a big stick .
Woman on airplane models a flotation device .
A man wearing a hat and scarf is sitting on the lawn with his eyes closed .
a asian man gives an evil eye to the camera .
A little boy dances with a group of people behind him on a city street .
A man sitting at a desk writing in a book .
A shirtless man huge a woman outside .
Two older women set a table with plates and wineglasses .
A woman sits at a desk and types on a computer .
A group of people is sitting in a large room , and many of them have their hands raised .
Cannot see picture to describe .
A person on their horse jumping over an endurance course jump .
Two boys in blue shirts wearing backpacks .
Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater .
A young couple enjoys a drink together .
Player number 23 dunks the basketball into the net with a crowd in the background .
A man enjoys some extravagant artwork .
A blue river raft full of woman floats in front another yellow raft .
A little boy jumping on the bed
A group of people congregate at a mall .
Did someone yell snake ? Because it seems she 's out of here !
A girl in a black leotard dances while a girl in a red leotard and torn stockings watching in the middle of a street .
People standing together under a " start " banner in the street .
Four guys are standing by a white fence , one of them holding a Frisbee .
Several Asians eat food outdoors .
An umpire watches closely as a left-handed pitcher throws a pitch from the mound .
A black dog runs through surf on a sandy beach .
A woman is standing behind a table
A woman helps boys on a computer .
A dog playing ball in the sand .
A young blond woman in a blue jersey holds her stick waiting for the game to start .
A girl treks through the snow with her backpack on .
Children jump on a trampoline .
Two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town .
Nine young people wearing jeans strike poses on the front steps and porch of a 3-level clapboard house , as a child observes from the second-floor balcony .
A black woman is walking to work .
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky .
A small boy rubbing his eyes .
A young Indian boy holding up two newspapers with a headline on " Murder " .
Several people on a beach , and a ball .
A man in a navy tank top is about to throw something .
An athletic tennis player wearing a blue t-shirt and white pants in the middle of a play .
A group of ladies are having a party .
A man is bending over , aiming a shot with a pool cue on a billiard table .
An older man wearing a polo shirt walking down a street lined with stores and green trees as cars pass by .
A blond man with a mohawk in a rock t-shirt playing with his cellphone .
A small boy , wearing shorts and no shirt , is running outdoors .
A boy uses a plastic baseball bat to practice hitting a ball from a batting tee .
A group of 9 men and women walking upstairs .
The man has his arm on the woman as they shop in an outdoor market .
A soccer game is played as two men attempt to reach the ball before their respected opponent .
A picture of a racer from go-kart street race .
A tan dog is prancing over grass .
A man snowboards down a snow-covered hill .
Japanese girls in plastic and karate suits to lose weight and there practicing with nun chucks .
A white dog with a sweater on and a black and brown dog touching noses .
A woman wearing a shirt that has Spanish on the back at some sort of event .
The Orient Hotel on an empty street at night .
The soccer match in Brazil is beginning while the players line up for their national anthem before the night match .
A woman at a beech with a bike .
A boy in blue jumps his skateboard off some steps while his friends watch .
A young boy in a yellow , insulated coat imitates an adult , who is using a broom to sweep the paving stones near an open storage unit on a festive Chinatown sidewalk .
A man in a safety vest and black hat wearing rubber gloves is crouched down on a corner of an intersection , doing something with a stick .
A female professional swimmer is in the middle of taking a breath in-between strokes during a heat .
A woman sitting on a chair talks on her cellphone .
Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach .
A dolphin pokes above the water .
A little girl with dirty feet is eating a snack from a cup while sitting in a bin .
A man helps a runner who has fallen , up from the ground .
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair .
A man wearing a black shirt laughs while sitting at the table .
A man wearing a vest and tan khakis shorts standing on top of a car .
A woman playing in falling leaves in the woods .
A man in a red shirt plays the guitar .
A girl in a green bathing suit leaping into a lake .
Person dressed in blue and red outfit jumping over very small wave .
A shirtless man is laying down in the middle of a busy street .
A golfer plays golf in the middle of a golf course which contains assorted colors of cones .
A small group of people sitting in green chairs while watching a man in a helmet play the accordion .
A figure , whose face is obscured by water , in black pants and a black t-shirt leaps into the air with arms and legs spread wide , while tall jets of water shoot from the pavement below .
A young boy wearing sunglasses and carrying a soccer ball walks through flowers .
A group of passengers relax and enjoy a trolley ride through town
A woman in sunglasses walks down the street , carrying a blue bag .
An older man wearing a winter coat and jeans stands in front of a large , wheeled flower cart .
A girl in a purple sweater mixes yellow paste in a bowl .
A man is running along a boardwalk near the water and buildings .
Three people are being silly in the woods .
Several people in a band jumping up and down to the music .
A shirtless man in blue jeans runs down a dock towards the camera .
Three people sit at table by red siren .
A man working with machinery with other men .
Three women are standing on the street in a city .
Many people with umbrellas are walking in the rain .
A girl in a blue shirt leaps into the air .
A man and woman are walking on the sidewalk next to a construction site .
A group of protesters , many in Muslim-styled clothing walk down the street carrying signs with sentiments against the occupation of Gaza .
A child wearing a blue shirt and blue pants is standing in a park .
Young man sitting on fencing in front of beautiful flowers garden holding two young ladies on his knees .
A man in a black shirt about to blow out candles on a cake , one of the candles looking like a flare .
A man is trying to climb up a tall building with a rope .
A group of people mass in a square .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a plaid shirt walk past a man without a shirt who is holding a cup .
two men in an orange raft boat
A large group of close together cyclists in the middle of a road race .
A happy woman who is preparing for dinner .
Three adults wearing cold weather gear .
A young boxer dog races across a green lawn .
Woman in white top chats while slicing bread .
A man is sitting on a bench with his bike outside of the city .
Two men sit in the shadows near a hanging rug .
Two people sitting on a bench reading .
A man plays with a ball at the beach .
An Elderly person against a wall on the streets looking down with a cup and photograph in hand .
a dog running in a field of daisies
Two drifters and their dog sleeping at a historic location .
Several young Asians relaxing on a street .
An upset girl sits on a log , head in hands , in front of a bicycle lodged in a tree .
A man is working in a wood shop .
A young woman , with frosted brown hair , is putting on lipstick , while listening to someone on her cellphone .
Many people standing around listening to music .
Two dogs fighting over a toy in the snow .
A man in a yellow shirt is working with wood .
A disheveled young man is asleep in front of a garage door .
A white girl wearing a purple shirt and plaid shorts is playing with a chinese yo-yo .
A woman in a tank top and sunglasses stands in a field .
a man in a swimsuit stands under a boardwalk .
A man is playing the accordion in front of a store that is having a sale .
A man in black and white outfit jugging large white rings .
Three horse riders , one on a pony , are traveling in a straight line behind the first horse rider .
A man is reclining in a camping chair , smoking a cigarette through a dusk mask .
An Indian man working on a stone wall .
A man is tying up cattle in a rodeo .
A blond boy is sitting in a stroller holding a Korean language book .
A young girl plays with her snowed in outdoor playhouse .
This person sits behind platters full of food with their elbow resting on their knee .
A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at night .
a young boy wearing a cowboy hat and riding on a horse
A line of people wait to be the first to own the new product .
A sunset sky over rippling water .
A man using a cellphone is walking past a sign .
Girls wearing black are laughing and taking cover in front of a crown and police officer .
A young woman dances in her ethnic attire .
Brown-haired woman turning head fast making hair whip around .
A man wearing a black coat is walking .
Two marathon runners running through a forest .
Man and woman repairing automobile brakes .
A woman and a child playing with puppies on the sidewalk .
A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view .
A man with a red wig and other people in costumes are gathered .
A football player for the Sooners is preparing for the next play during a game .
Someone leaps across the beach in a sign of joy !
The lead singer of the band Green Day is singing and a young boy is standing behind him .
A large fountain statue graces the center of a town square .
A female washes her medium-sized dog outdoors in a plastic container while a friend secures it with a leash .
A man in a white shirt with a white hat holding a pair of headphones at a field based game .
A young boy eating a chocolate ice cream cone at a blue table .
a man in a black sweater plays the stand up bass outdoors
A small baby in a white and purple onesie cries while laying on a green blanket .
Man and women dressed in costumes sitting on a bail of hey .
A tennis player in a blue shirt celebrates his match .
A man wearing a green shirt and blue jeans lying down next to a several big yellow tubs , with a blue building on the right side of the photo with white graffiti " 28 " spray painted on it .
An artist is selling his paintings in front of a large tree in a park
A group of men stand on a flat boat as it heads down the waterfront .
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
A girl sitting on a rock looking over the lake .
Man eats his food with his hands
A woman drinking with a green straw .
Person on snow skis airborne over snow with green tree in the background .
The people are standing around at the auto show .
A downtown shot of a man on his cellphone under an awning .
A young boy in checkered pants places a red shirt in a black tub .
A boy sitting in the doorway of a house in a slum .
A black dog chasing a brown one .
A woman plays an ornately decorated piano while the man next to her plays a recorder .
A woman playing trains with a child .
A brown dog runs along a fence .
A dog and its owner takes a run .
During a volleyball match , one girl in white recoils and closes her eyes as the ball approaches , while the girl in black and blue seems ready to reach for the ball .
Men fish on a concrete slab .
A man with a briefcase walking in a area were art was painted on walls .
A young man wearing blue bandanna around his neck is playing the guitar and singing in the microphone .
Wow this must be how all the stunt artist get their start .
The men fight during the game .
A female waiter is balancing a tray with one hand .
A little girl jumping on a couch .
Four children are playing in some water .
People are watching a street performer doing tricks with fire .
A line of people are standing with their feet in the ocean and lifting a net .
Four children playing at a preschool , one looking out the window , one is running , and the other two are playing with wooden blocks .
A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest .
kids straggle behind father in graffiti covered alleyway
A man standing on the beach , with a red bucket on his head .
Several African Americans are outside in front of a store , with four children , two women , and one man , and the interest of three of the subjects are capture by something off-frame .
A blue and white sailboat sits by a dock .
A man holds on to the tree while holding a yellow container .
Two men playing basketball - one is shooting and the other is blocking .
A room full of people with a black kid showing a piece of art .
A man jumping away from a bull .
An african american man wearing a blue shirt and jeans is standing in front of a DJ station .
Someone wearing a green and white suite is riding an orange motorcycle with the number 244 on the front and there is a structure in the background that has a red arrow on it .
A man is bungee jumping from a platform whilst being watched by someone above him .
There are two children dressed as pirates standing on a white couch , in front of a window .
A man with headphones in , is sitting on a bus or train .
This is a young boy looking to be jumping on the trampoline in a very beautiful neighborhood .
Boys in Africa are outside playing soccer and enjoying themselves .
A man in a pink shirt is listening to his iPad while he waits for the train .
Two football players fight to gain possession of the ball .
Two Asian women in red bottoms , one in a blue top , one in a white top , leaning down over something while the woman in the blue top smiles .
Three older men are sitting around a campfire at night .
Two females are enjoying themselves while eating outside .
Two girls sit on a wooden floor huddled next to each other .
A tan man working on a sand castle on the beach .
A lady with a gray jacket and jeans sitting close to a man wearing a long coat .
A little girl lands at the bottom of a slide .
A black and brown dog is biting on a stick in the forest .
2 people in Africa wait for food .
A man is being thrown off a bull during a rodeo .
Two asian girls dressed in black pose for a picture in front of dry trees .
Tourists are taking photos of a man on a bicycle carrying an umbrella .
A baseball player takes a swing at a pitch while the crowd watches .
A hiker stops to look at the snowy scenery while climbing the mountains .
A man and a child at a store checkout counter .
Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .
The dog is herding sheep into a pen .
The black and white dog is biting the brown and white dog .
A man with a hand truck looks at yellow graffiti .
A family of three people are watching men in costumes pass by .
This guy is visiting with someone in their car .
Beautiful dancer in a red skirt and she is striking a pose with her legs in the air .
One kid is running across a field carrying a football while another is close behind grabbing for his flags .
Several people are near a market .
Employee 's are trying to fix the tangled nets for the fishing boat .
A man is about to catch something , next to the pool , at a pool party .
A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork .
A couple sitting on chairs in the grass on a cliff overlooking water .
A man in a red shirt sits on his dirt bike and points at the camera .
A dog in midair cacthing the red ball .
A man is on stage singing , while the band plays behind him .
A soldier is teaching kids how to handle a gun .
A lady standing in a crop of sorts , holding leaves .
A little girl jumps into a pool while a man helps to catch her .
A little light-haired girl in a dress is playing with sand on a beach .
Two young girls and an older man in a classroom .
A man in a green tie talking to two woman over drinks .
Two people transport a wide load .
A man prepares to enter the red building .
Girl watching dolphins at the beach
A baby in a blue shirt cries in his car seat .
A group of people are running , and some of the runners are wearing the Native Americans headdress .
Three people taking pictures with their cameras
A man holding a sign and a man playing a guitar are speaking in front of a crowd .
Two women ascend a telephone pole with special boots and straps on their waists .
A man at a restaurant table holds an empty bottle .
Women in multicolored outfits are performing on a low light stage .
Man in brimmed hat with several horses pulling a plow through dirt .
A little girl in pink watches a young boy drink out of a bottle on a crowded street .
An elderly Asian man in a blue coat with a cane sits outside a brick and cement older building .
A guy with a pink shirt sitting on the ground , drawing a peacock with chalk .
A bald man in white sunglasses and a green shirt rides a comically small yellow bike .
A female soprano saxophone player and a male trumpet player are performing on the street as a man looks on from behind .
A young woman jumping up off the floor .
Two young boys playing indoor soccer , one wears blue and white , the other wears red .
The dog is running in the grass .
Two people standing in front of a yellow building with a painted mural of an athlete , a rock group , and graffiti .
A boy rides a surfboard over a small wave in bright blue water .
The lead singer from a band is holding a microphone and both hands up in the air against a purple background .
There are four people working together to get a job done .
The lady is holding a purple ribbon .
A group of people playing bagpipes .
A man in a red shirt riding a horse in what seems to be a rodeo .
A woman is shopping at an outdoor flea market .
Five men on a stage with there hands held out .
A man in a black shirt holding cloth next to a wooded structure as people walk around it .
Two Asian sisters in sunglasses take a walk .
A middle-aged man wearing a red sweatsuit fixes his bicycle .
Guys handing a girl money .
a family gathers in the living room .
A surfer in a yellow shirt is riding a wave that is reflecting sunlight .
A woman in a blue karate uniform and a woman in a white karate uniform fight each other while two people wearing suits watch them .
Workers are building something in a dark area .
A young women sits in front of her computer and tries to study the fine print on a paper with the aid of a doctor 's spotlight attached to her head .
A deli worker with a bright red apron on is making adjustments to items in the refrigerated display case .
Two men , wearing shorts and t-shirts , playing Frisbee in a field .
Two women are standing in a store with a baby in a blue stroller .
The dog jumps up waiting to catch something being thrown .
Young people having a drink and some fun at a local hot-spot .
The men are working in the hot sun .
Two black and white homeless men smoking and sitting outside next to a building .
A young girl in her early twenties is laughing .
A man wearing a gray sweater sitting at a desk with an old version of a computer in front of him , one of his hands is turning a dial on the computer .
Dirt biker on a professional riding course near an airport , composed of dirt .
three young girls learn ballet .
A boy in a helmet and red tracksuit poses on a motorbike .
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building .
A person wearing black clothing walks up a narrow flight of stairs between two bright red buildings .
Many people are at a convention where a picture of a man in a banana suit is projected on to two big screens .
A man in a black outfit are tossing up toy balls .
A city street with a metal bench occupied by a woman in black .
A man with long blond-hair and sunglasses is sitting in the grass holding a beverage .
A man playing guitar performing to a crown inside of a bar .
A utility worker checks machine controls prior to rewinding hose .
A woman works in a booth with colorful merchandise .
Men holding a conversation near a beach .
A man in black pants and a red shirt is bowling for the UK .
A man is in the ocean holding onto a surfboard as a child attempts to stand up .
People shop for produce at an outdoors marketplace .
A man in a blue print shirt and wearing a hat , is playing a blue guitar outside by a cafe .
The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet .
A woman is running along the side of a road , casting her shadow on a concrete wall .
A young child in a stroller wearing a green jacket .
A group of people sit in front of a restaurant on a sunny day .
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat .
A woman is rolling her luggage down a brick sidewalk with brown benches .
A woman stands next to her red bike wearing a white helmet and white jersey on a dirt road .
Large white poodle carrying a pink flip-flop outside .
A man with a navy suit and orange vest kneels near the door on the inside of a public transportation vehicle .
People in a tent serving and selecting food and drinks .
A huge group of Swiss people gather outside .
A man wearing a kilt , black shirt and black boots standing next to a man in a white shirt and jeans .
Many people are standing around at an intersection in front of a white building .
A janitor keeping the floors clean and shiny enough to see your reflection .
The red-haired woman in the black dress has her arms around a man in white .
A child in a dragon costume on a bike .
A quiet street with unique shops and architecture .
Many people wait in line at a snack stand next to a busy road .
Men stand outside of a store with Indian writing as they transport metal buckets on a bicycle .
A man wearing a white shirt and black apron , mopping the floor in the lobby of what looks like a museum .
Lady in white dress with tattooed leg looks at friend 's camera .
A little boy opening a gift at Christmas time .
A group of hikers are clustered together on gray rocky terrain bordering the bluish-white ice of a glacier .
Tourists walk on cobbled streets past restaurant .
Two women are walking on the beach with surfboards in hand with people and palm trees in the background .
A man in a pink shirt speaks into the microphone .
A man wearing jeans and talking on the phone is standing on the sidewalk next to a blue spot on a building .
Three young people play around in a public fountain .
Two professional hockey players battling for the puck .
A woman carries a young girl on her shoulders
A line of bikers on a busy street
A clown man is making a woman laugh .
Two women try to block a spike while playing volleyball .
Three people play violins and a guitar and sing into microphones .
Man in a canoe on a still lake .
A man gets his picture snapped while explaining about his recent computer purchase .
Two men participating in martial arts training inside a building .
Four Asian kids are sitting on the floor in a classroom .
A man in a blue shirt taking a photo at a golf tournament .
A skiing woman makes a midair jump .
A man looks closely as he sits .
two white dogs are running through some woodland .
A mother and nurse pose with a newly-born infant .
A man with brown curly hair is walking along the sidewalk
A woman with gray hair picks up a tomato and tests for ripeness in an outdoor market as the merchant looks on .
Snow covered city scene populated by city goers .
Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground .
An average man washes the windows of a building .
An African woman is standing carrying multiple bags using a plate rested on her head .
Three people stand next to the tail of an airplane that is decorated with tribal designs .
A white couple is riding in a amusement park ride .
A man is riding a powered para-glider in the air at sunset .
A pitcher with a red shirt is throwing a ball and his teammate is waiting to catch near a base .
A woman wearing a red tank top is lifting two dumbbells at the gym .
A female ballet dancer in white and another ballet dancer in green perform arm-in-arm , with the image of a columned building in the background .
Two barefoot men in hats sit on a raft holding paddles
a woman running in a race while onlookers cheer her on
A woman in a long dress paints the curb .
A young boy is using a garden hose to water a small tree .
a tattoo artist doing a women 's tattoo of a rose
People standing and sitting at a dock .
A basketball player in a red and blue uniform is shooting a basketball on a basketball court while four men in red shirts look on .
The people with programs are seated in a very large , elegant room .
Young man standing on a dock next to a green and white pole .
Three beautiful woman are walking , they are all wearing the color blue , with the blond in the middle .
A man wearing a yellow backpack is carrying a moving box down a cobblestone street .
A man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field .
A girl in a life jacket is swimming while others watch from the rocks .
An older man sells magazines at a magazine stand in Asia .
Groups of people are having conversations with each other on a crowded street .
The skateboarder tries to do a trick down the railing .
A man with a bag looks unhappy on his way to work .
A man with gray hair speaks loudly in a group .
Man in a suit holding a briefcase viewed from behind walking up an ornate stone staircase .
A person with a blue jacket and a black hat is looking at a blue bridge over the river .
A woman in a green shirt swinging , with only one shoe on .
An elderly man and young boy are sitting on the ground , and playing with a train set .
a dog catches black Frisbee .
Two guys and a girl , throwing in the water under bridge .
Three men are standing on a stage , one is wearing clown makeup and holding a guitar .
A cowboy riding a horse at the rodeo .
A surfer is maintaining his balance on a surfboard as he shoots over the crest of a perfectly blue , ocean wave .
People are sitting and drinking wine at tables .
A man is making a clay pot , while several bystanders are watching .
A man in a black jacket and pants stands in a strange green structure with his arms out .
A group of people standing on the lawn in front of a building .
A man in a tuxedo shirt and black sport coat tries on a rubber monster mask .
A man in a suit with a wineglass in his hand is speaking to a group of people at a party .
A woman smiles and poses in a coral gown .
A woman covered in a hot pink fabric .
A roomful of women are eating and conversing at a sponsored gathering .
Black man in white shirt shaving another man 's head .
Men in uniform are standing on a street .
My , my let 's watch as the white and red car tips over .
Two people wait in a train station .
A man and a woman are having a conversation , while the man drinks a beer .
Two kids playing on a pebble beach by the water
A young boy colors on small sheets of paper .
A man beside a clown with other people in the background .
People on a sidewalk during a snowstorm .
This city street looks like it is in London .
A man is suspended above water while holding a large ski that is shaped like a skateboard .
A young boy plays with his mothers sunglasses .
A female javelin thrower runs with spear in hand .
A man and a woman wearing motorcycle helmets are kissing in front of motorcycles .
An older man stands by a building talking on his cellphone .
The people are walking up the ramp and the man in walking on the road .
two woman playing around and smiling .
A woman looking at her phone and holding her pomeranian .
A girl shakes her hair in a swimming pool .
A woman wearing a skirt and a headscarf is on her knees , bowing and praying on a bumpy sidewalk while pedestrians walk toward her .
A man and a woman dressed like highway department employees , work on the side of the road .
Para-Olympians representing South Africa in track and field celebrate after a race .
Two men trying to fold a towel .
A rollerblader skating inside a tube .
One boy in a blue shirt and jeans on a bicycle jumping over concrete steps in front of a building .
A woman wearing a red and white apron is standing next to a wall with the number 333 written on it .
A group of people in an alley looking at the camera .
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water .
A young man in a yellow jacket is leaning against a wall and talking to a young lady wearing jeans and a backpack .
A man in a black shirt and jeans playing with a young child in a pink sweater .
A kid standing in a sprinkler .
A soccer team , all in blue uniform , are celebrating a victorious match together .
A young man carries something in a black trash bag .
A man dances with a fire baton at night .
Two brown horses pulling a sleigh through the snow .
Child playing in waves with sun on the horizon .
A group of students work on a project , while world flags hang above their heads .
A man is sleeping on the floor with a sleeping dog across his chest .
A boy wearing blue mittens gets ready to throw snow .
Five young women start their dance routine
A cashier in asia with some money in her hand .
A young teen boy is skateboard wearing some long black shorts and no shirt on .
A surgeon peering over his patient , while the computer screen shows the outside waiting room and an image of the surgery room .
A uniformed rider is riding an endorsement-covered motorcycle .
A group of people stand around the Fulton St subway station in New York .
A girl wearing a blue and pink bathing suit jumping into a pool .
A man in a security vest stands by a sign .
A man in a pink shirt kneels down and looks right at the camera .
A man grasping a white sheet of paper sits next to the harbor .
A man in a stadium , surrounded by people , is holding up an orange , white , and green flag from his seat while watching a soccer game .
There is a snowboarder carrying their board at the mountains .
Kids being spun around in a glass spinner .
A skateboarder wearing a gray helmet is riding his board along a concrete curve .
A man performing saxophone on the street .
A very flexible woman , in orange , demonstrates her flexibility in front of a crowd .
An elderly man resting on a brick wall .
Three male workers digging and rebuilding a sidewalk .
A man in a yellow shirt about to cut a cake with people sitting beside him .
The two tan colored dogs are in a field , and one is jumping in the air .
A chef is preparing some food .
Three young men are taking a picture of two girls at a bar with a camera-phone .
Three vikings walking on the pier .
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods .
Two white dogs are running along side one another next to a fence .
Two men looking outside their bedroom window .
Rock climber without a rope .
A large crowd of people are watching a baseball game .
A surfer catching a wave .
A recreation of some battle .
Nine men are laying on their back in a pool .
A tiger striped dog stands in a weird position and looks to the side .
A man and a woman , both in hats , stand on the sidewalk in a busy city .
The gentlemen with a snoopy jacket is painting the surrounding scenery beautifully .
Two black dogs are jumping in waves at the beach
A young boy is sitting in front of a computer and typing words onto the screen .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
A man in a bowler hat sitting next to a speaker and a figure playing a saxophone .
Man holding a photograph , painting a picture of a dog .
A dog is jumping through the snow over some weeds .
A native american carving a plate with many symbols on it .
A man is in a tree holding a coconut
A woman rides a bike across the street while holding an umbrella .
A toddler with pudding all over her face and hands from eating with her fingers .
A group surrounds to students as the practice martial arts .
A man in a khaki colored uniform carries a brunette woman in white clothing on his shoulder .
Two men from opposing soccer teams both reach out to kick the soccer ball .
A man looking through a telescope as a child watches .
An ultimate player pancakes a disc with a female and male in the foreground .
A man is hitting a golf ball out of a sand trap , there are green grass all around him .
A bunch of people walking down sidewalk .
A skateboarder tries a courageous trick - soaring over a grocery cart poised carefully at the edge of a skate park 's bowl .
Two men , one working and one resting on a rooftop .
One adult and three children paddle a canoe down a river lush with green vegetation .
two men each carrying a stick playing a sport competition
Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain .
Man in black jacket and baseball cap juggling on a street .
A child in a martial arts uniform is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread .
A young lady with a pink shirt and white hat is standing on her horse with her hand over her heart .
A woman working long hours .
A group of people in a small plaza .
people walking on sidewalk in city
A woman and a girl are in a grocery store and the girl is looking at her phone .
Two girls on tricycles are riding around a concrete area that resembles part of a maze .
three sports persons posing for the photo
A man in a purple beret who is chewing gum is standing near water and trees .
Many people decide it 's time to eat .
A woman wearing a black coat and bots is talking on the phone .
A group of people stands and paces past a pizza restaurant on a busy city street corner .
The number of young children are significantly more than the adults in the dinning hall .
a couple of people running on the shore near the beach .
One young girl with brown hair is smiling and talking to a young girl with blond-hair .
Three people are standing outside a tall tan building .
This is nice place to relax and chat .
Little girl in orange dress holding white flowers .
A group of people on a crowded bus .
Tall trees reach to the horizon as a cyclist navigates the way through the tangled roots .
A man is preparing a meal on a kitchen counter with three bowls .
A lady with a dinosaur puppet talks to a child .
Soccer player kicking yellow and blue ball .
young white girls collide during game of flag football while teammates rush to their aid
An elderly woman sits in a chair with a book and smiles at the pretty flowers in her room .
A woman dressed in winter wear walks outdoors .
A man and woman are talking at an outdoor flea market where art is on display .
Players in a game of football struggle together over the ball .
A person sleeping at a restaurant .
A white woman wearing glasses and a bicycle helmet takes a photo of a green plant .
A woman is gazing up at the sky while swinging on a swing .
A house is under construction .
Three policemen confer around with an obscured person near a traffic signal .
A man in a brown shirt is putting up a white net tent .
Black and brown dog runs through field .
A large bird spreading his wings in flight over a body of water .
An alpine enthusiast is looking down a trail .
A toddler rides his little bicycle down a paved path .
A man rides large waves on a wind sail .
A line of people waiting in the electronics section of a Walmart .
Four people laughing and sitting on a couch .
a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on his face
A person wearing a white shirt , vest , and watch is holding a microphone .
Empty seats at a stadium , except for two people in green rain ponchos .
A young girl swings a bat at a softball during a game .
A man is walking down a street passing a garage door covered in graffiti .
A group of Indian women watching a white woman and another Indian woman walk around a chair in the center of their circle .
A guy at a bowling alley is posed with his feet off the ground .
A man sitting on a bench in front of a bust shopping area .
A pretty female news reporter being filmed for a show .
A young lady at a park grilling chicken .
A man is running , in a yellow runners shirt and matching running shorts , along the waterside with a big city in the background on a beautiful day .
Men in hats talking on a busy street in front of a large blue Chase sign .
A group of Indian girls is dancing in traditional clothes .
The girl has a black purse and is sitting on the side of a ledge .
cheering for a very famous person
Two football teams playing a game
A performance artist suspended upside down from red ribbons .
A dancer is dancing in provocative blue clothing in the streets .
A brunette woman is standing in front of a wall with graffiti .
The men are checking out magazines in a newsstand .
There is a surfer in the water , wearing a red and black bodysuit , catching a wave with his hands out for balance .
A woman is giving food to a baby boy .
An Asian man in all black hanging up a huge dead pig by its feet .
A man rock climbing pauses to calculate his route .
People getting ready to swim near the rocky mountains .
A small dog catches a tennis ball indoors .
A teenager with black hair wearing a light pink dress shirt looks over his shoulder as two people lay down beside him .
A man overlooks a grassy valley as it rains .
Several women , all with their hair up , are dressed up and in front of mirrors .
A sheepdog is herding sheep down a grassy path .
Two women in black hats stand on the street .
A woman in a cream jacket gazes at photographs .
A man in a red jacket and helmet is riding a bike .
A woman is sitting in the corner eating a sandwich .
Many people stand looking a woman holding a dog in a blue sack .
This is baby , dressed in blue , standing barefoot on a stone .
Several young men having a discussion around a table .
Four women at a bar having a laugh .
A woman in a formal suit takes pictures as the crowd waits patiently for unfolding events .
two dogs running in grassy area
Two people float through the air on a red and white glider .
Oriental looking young man in bakers outfit looks like he is selling his wares to young children .
Two adult woman stand in front of a class of young students .
a group of woman in pink dresses walking across a crosswalk towards a cruisship .
Two men carrying a giant beer bottle behind a woman in a white shirt .
Redhead with a lot of tattoos on her back sitting near a small tree trunk .
A woman in a green vest is taking a picture of a horse .
A small boy in a blue helmet playing with a yellow toy truck .
a man in green shorts holds a stick with a marshmallow in front of a fire .
An acrobat doing a handstand on top of a pole with legs spread in a v .
A crowd of people with one man taking a photo .
One woman with long brown hair , black shirt and pantyhose , red skirt , that just threw green ball with yellow streamers in air .
A dog licking his lips in a room with no food in its dish .
A teenager boy does a trick with his skateboard against a wall .
Man looking over the squash that he will sell .
A big brown dog is jumping in the water and has his mouth wide open .
A man is standing in a road with some kind of tower behind him enveloped in fog .
A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .
Three young boys enjoying a day at the beach .
A small child standing in the grass watching a band playing at an outdoor event .
A young boy in a white shirt and jeans vaults over other children who appear to be counting on their fingers .
Two teenage girls arm wrestle while a third girl watches .
An run-down looking building with a girl laying down on the stoop .
Person spraying squirt bottle in the snow .
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field .
A girl in white dances .
A teenage boy runs through the dirt near a house in the country .
A woman in a white and blue shirt is standing next to a large fish that is hanging up .
four men are looking at a motor on the back of a wooden boat .
Supporters reach towards the stage .
a band on stage and a large audience .
A firetruck rushes to the scene of an accident .
A black and a black dog are running .
A girl in a black shirt sits alone on the ground .
Four people sit at a table .
Three children exploring the rocky shoreline near a riverboat .
A dog running out of the water onto the beach .
A man is sitting on a bench with his feet on a skateboard .
Some people are walking through a narrow crevice in some rocks .
A man sitting and a woman standing next to him in front of three red phone booths
Two bald people in red clothes
A blue excavator digging a large hold in cement .
An asian woman taking a picture on ground level .
People are throwing tomatoes at each other .
A woman is posing on a cobbled road wearing a polka dotted jacket while holding an umbrella .
A tall , dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short , dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans .
A man in a white shirt standing with a man in a brown shirt looking out over the ocean .
Two african women in traditional clothing .
A man is sitting on a stage playing a violin in an empty stadium .
A black woman is walking in heels .
A young boy is falls to the awkwardly to the ground with a surprised look on his face while a group of people watch from behind .
Three boys are in the water , one on top of a water buffalo and another aside it , another is holding what seems to be a net and the other has water up to his shoulders .
Someone is wearing a black jacket and playing the drums .
A city street has parked cards on one side of it and there are people walking in the street , as well as people walking on the sidewalk .
A group of people are watching a woman dance .
An old man in gray is sleeping on a chair .
a fireman in uniform with a mustache and goatee by his firetruck .
A black man with dreadlocks is clapping .
Two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone
Tiny restaurant with meat handing in display .
A man is standing in a park by a path holding a tennis racket in front of him .
Woman outside of tent holding up the pleats to her yellow , black and white dress .
A woman reading a children 's book .
A vendor in all pink and red clothing is preparing her wears while looking forward .
A man in a green shirts is sitting and designing a folding fan while waiting for customers .
Four boys are in a play about Boy Scouts .
A man dressed in red and black winter gear is airborne after hitting a jump on his snowboard .
Two women walk on the street in front of two buses .
A man and woman prepare a brown and white cow to be presented at a fair .
Little girl with pigtails on the beach .
A man dressed as a cook enjoys a meal and bottle of wine in an empty restaurant .
A man in a leather jacket and ball cap reading a book while waiting for the train .
Young women carry a brown purse looking in the window of a shoe store .
A woman wearing a white shirt looks at a woman sitting next to her who is making a funny face .
A Woman is sitting on top of the rock and is looking at the view .
A cook in a black shirt and checkered bandanna cooks on an industrial style stove .
A few young people sit on steps by a river .
A woman and a dog sit on a bench in front of a beach .
People are on a stage performing .
A blond-haired boy and a brown-haired girl laugh together while eating .
A man stands at the edge of the water on a beach looking into the horizon .
A bunch of people walking on the side of a street .
A bee clings to a yellow flower .
A man walking while holding a hat on a stick .
A balding male in a yellow shirt sitting down , watching a crowd of people .
A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .
A dog runs on the green grass near a grove of trees .
Two middle-aged Asian men with mustaches working with animal hides in a shop .
Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping .
A man and women are walking up a sand dune .
A bald man wearing black using a fan made of feathers , walking down the street .
Two firefighters holding a fire-hose , spraying water upwards .
People are ice-skating and walking across a frozen surface with the Adobe building in the background .
A man sitting at his desk in front of a computer
A white dog walks over the short grass .
An older asian woman , dressed in a white t-shirt and blue gym pants , doing a form of yoga .
Two middle-aged men sit with a camera , and seem to be holding a conversation .
A young girl wearing a pink hat and young boy wearing a dark shirt are eating cake .
A woman in a green shirt is cooking .
A young boy showing off a orange and white striped costume with a orange and white joker hat .
One woman wearing a black shirt , black pants and white dirty white shoes surrounded by bicycles with a helmet on the ground appears to be fixing the rear wheel of an upside down bicycle .
A man in a fish market is cutting swordfish into steaks .
Two men stand window shopping .
Two men and a woman are wearing traditional garb as they dance at a festival
A man is painting while other people are doing their work .
A woman on a horse jumps an obstacle .
A few people sitting in an old train car .
Children play in a water spray .
A man reads a Tonka truck book in the doctors office while wearing a face mask .
A woman sitting outside a small restaurant suddenly throws up her hands in excitement .
Man setting up table of cheese wheels .
A large man in a factory is flashing the peace sign .
An elderly man holds a sign .
People , mainly women and 2 referees , are skating fiercely during a roller derby match .
A group of people are sitting at a table eating .
A man and a woman smile for the camera .
Two men are sitting in chairs and looking at books .
An adult and a child are walking around some sort of festival .
A goalie is guarding the goal .
A man standing in front of a counter looking a prepared food .
A young man in a green shirt is making a purchase at a store .
A large crowd of people standing in Times Square , NYC .
A man and a woman are looking at something that is far off while riding a camel along with a band of other tourists .
A man in a gray shirt adds grout to tile .
A man with a video camera is taping while another paints art while onlookers pass by .
Some field workers pick vegetables while riding behind a small tractor .
Two men in an reception area watch as three woman work on something on a table .
A large amount of people walking through a park on a sunny day .
A woman in a pink sweater looks pensive next to a crowd of laughing women .
The outside of a fashion store beside a road .
An old woman is sitting in a cafe with a glass of water .
A man is wiping snow off of his car in front of a red building .
Bike rider riding downhill in forest .
A lady in a black jacket with her thumbs in her jean pockets .
A dog in a living room laying on a stuffed animal with a television in the background .
A woman walks past a shop called " Sublime . "
A bearded man on a train
a man jumping of the wall of a large graffitied wall .
A woman wearing sunglasses stands along side an orange sign which reads : " ROADWORK AHEAD . "
Group of people watching a guy in a knight custom and a girl in a fishnet and white & green skirt .
A girl is pouring a liquid into a beaker while another girl looks on .
A woman sits on a bench reading a newspaper .
The man in the gray shirt is trying to fix a toaster .
A black and white dog running on a green grassy field .
Practicing ballet with a tree as a partner is difficult .
Two dogs play in the grass .
A woman in a red shirt is holding a black dog on a brown sofa with a little girl wearing a striped onsie with a pacifier in her mouth .
Two girls bundled up in winter coats pose for a picture .
Guy in red uniform bouncing a soccer ball off his head .
The nuptials are celebrated with rose petals .
The guys are shooting hoops .
A woman in high heels and black leggings sitting on the sidewalk .
A greyhound with a green racing bib and a muzzle runs on a track .
A young boy in a long-sleeved sweatshirt is standing in front of a red tractor , on the grass .
A cowboy is bull-dogging a steer in a rodeo arena .
A girl in a pink dress blows bubbles on a wharf .
Rafts and a helicopter over water .
A young male mixes food in a bowl with a large stirring stick .
A man wakeboarding
A little girl in a pink top plays with a hoe in a hay bale .
A girl walking wearing a black short-sleeved top and shorts carrying a purse and smoking .
A closeup of a man 's hand filling up a tin or silver cup with some sort of liquid .
A man in a gray sweater and brown pants is lying down on a couch and reading a book .
People look at the flames coming from the cars at a drag race .
Four people with shopping carts full of bags .
A woman rock-climbing on a cliff .
A woman reaching out to lights .
A man is looking at artwork .
Number 15 football player is about to throw the ball to his teammate .
A man sitting in a cubicle at a desk talks on his cellphone .
A group of men play xylophones in a concert space filled with percussion instruments .
A man in a t-shirt holds an infant , who is reaching for his face .
Three people , faces obscured , standing in formal dress .
two dogs run through a grassy patch that is surrounded by trees .
A group of people , ranging from kids to adults , who are prepping their equipment before going diving .
A brown-haired lady smiles at the camera in front of trees .
A surfer walking into the ocean
Multicolored wearing cyclists , meticulously look around a corner as they make they turn on a closed off road .
Two elderly women with small child sucking pacifier
One man watching as two other men cross arms in a room of men attending a party .
A young teenager is shaving while an older onlooker watches from the doorway .
A woman in a bikini sits in shallow water with a man sitting next to her .
Two bearded men , one carrying a large flag on a pole , are outside .
Several women walking around in a large paved outdoor area .
Two dogs racing across the water toward a beach .
A young man in a navy shirt with white stripes splashing in water .
A female gymnast is performing .
Two people consult a map on the interior of a traffic circle .
A woman in a black dress speaking or singing into a microphone surrounded by fog .
Five guys in band uniforms standing in a row .
A man and two children of Asian descent sit outside by a giant basket .
A street scene in Europe at night with security talking with a group of three men .
On a stage , dancers with tutus and guitars are performing for the audience .
a very dirty young blond boy playing in the mud .
People are walking down a street while a man reads a newspaper on the sidewalk .
A baseball player in a gray uniform is catching a ground ball in his glove .
Some men are sitting in a circle by a cart of fruits and vegetables , and trays of fruits or vegetables sitting on some stacked boxes .
Three people are standing outside talking .
A woman , wearing an apron , sits outside three portable toilets .
A runner wearing yellow shoes is leaping over a hurdle .
A young man jumping his skateboard in a skate park with the ocean and a beach in the background .
A school filled with young children who have Unicef books in front of them .
Two men waiting at a bus stop .
A young boy in a tan sweatshirt is playing with a green balloon .
Two dogs , one black , the other black and white runs on the beach .
A male gymnast balances on a beam bar .
Constructions workers are working on a building .
A swim cap-clad man emerges from the water , taking a deep breath .
A man in a blue shirt holding a child while holding onto a stroller at a baseball stadium .
A man wearing a professional blue suit and protective glasses is trying to open a locker with a tool .
A boy wearing Spiderman clothes standing in a bathroom .
A man in a red shirt is selling Italian Ices .
A person is bowling in this blurry action shot .
A female cyclist with a tattoo on her arm rounding a corner .
A dog playing with his ball in the wading pool .
A brown dog wears a blue muzzle as it runs in the grass .
A road crew is working on a road with equipment around them .
An old couple walks along a street that lacks color .
A group of men , and two boys , are at a livestock market looking at sheep .
Tourists riding on a wagon with brown and white horses are sight seeing .
attractive woman in glasses using text message in her cellphone .
A man doing a jump on a snowboard
People going about their day walking around in the street .
A man dressed in blue holds a sign while standing behind a couple of trees and in front of a large concrete wall with red writing on it .
Young girl in a brightly colored outfit peeks through a wooden fence .
Two little girls playing with sand on the beach .
A person is doing a trick on a wakeboard .
People at a social gathering crowd around a man dressed in a strange costume , presumably comprised of mud and leaves .
Two men holding cups and one lady holding a cigarette .
A man with a colorful shirt and brown pants is walking in front of a nail shop .
A teenager hurtling over lawn chairs in a yard .
A man is performing some music .
A curly-haired kid is throwing axes at bulls ' head painted targets .
local nationals running past a humvee while a soldier stands over fellow troop .
A crowd look at rising hot air balloons , some taking pictures .
Two boys are fixing this bicycle .
People in costume at a renaissance fair .
A woman with a push-to-talk cellphone and headset waiting at a crosswalk .
A basketball player shooting a free throw .
A mom is helping her son to Rollerblade .
A cowboy is riding a horse whilst spinning a lasso around .
A little boy at a lake watching a duck .
A man is sitting playing the accordion in front of a water source .
A snowboarder doing a jump on a K2 snowboard .
A group of men stand outside .
A young girl with long blond is standing in a field holding a big white and yellow ball .
A man selects a food item from a buffet table while a couple sits in the background .
A girl wearing a pink coat and red hat walks down a gravel path .
A man uses his cellphone besides a fountain with some philosophy scrawled on its steps .
a couple people running through a large sidewalk fountain
Two young adult males are participating in a high-five .
A baby in black overalls and a white shirt sleeps in a child seat .
Young men playing football .
Two women are eating at a table with a white tablecloth .
Person landing a yellow hanglider .
Two small dogs run on a dirt road covered in leafs .
The man in the leather jacket sleeps on the subway .
A bass player and another musician in a black t-shirt smile while performing on a brightly lit stage .
Man in yellow shirt and jeans laying on the pavement .
Two little girls play around an old abandoned building .
A small brass band performs on stage for a large audience with a department flag on one side of the stage and an America flag on the other side .
Two dogs running over packed dirt and rocks
A shirtless man with his fishing boat .
The man is laying in the field reading a book .
A man with brown hair , glasses and a green shirt sits in front of a computer monitor with a man in a white shirt .
A woman in a brown coat and black slacks is standing in front of a store window looking down .
A man with a tattoo on his arm holding a mop .
A woman , wearing shorts and a tank top , tries to scale a rock face using climbing gear .
Men on horses displaying their flags at a joust .
Two girls walk down across a parking lot .
The girl in the white shirt hangs from a wooden structure .
Six people are rafting in a river with a valley scenery .
A man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle .
a young girl wearing a colorful outfit dancing down the street in a performance .
Two children riding a blue roller coaster smile .
An athlete tests his skills and stamina by jumping onto boxes out near the track field .
People in a foreign country on a pathway .
A man in a hat stands and smiles .
An unshaven man sits in front of an evergreen tree .
A man in a red shirt speaking from a pulpit with a Mac .
An elder man wearing black shorts and no shirt on a beach is holding a bottle that 's in a brown bag while lifting his other hand toward a blue towel that is in front of a shirtless man standing next to the man wearing black shorts .
Police go downtown on national horse riding day in the United Kingdom .
Here is a picture of a baby boy vacuuming his house and carpet .
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
Three men near the water with yellow vests and hard helmets .
A large , black dog is practicing attacking a culprit on a uniformed man .
Male and female performers playing guitars .
A group of people sitting against a wall eat snacks .
A man plays the scottish bagpipes .
Two people are swimming in a natural pool with a rock wall .
Two divers in diving suites retrieving big white object in water .
Two men , one in a gray t-shirt and one in a black shirt with sleeves rolled up , are drinking in a bar .
Three men playing a board game .
A man on horseback in a rodeo arena is trying to lasso a black calf .
A young in a white dress standing in front of a fence and fountain .
One man and one woman , with blue gloves on , putting something in a syringe into a cup of liquid .
A woman in an orange scarf holds a white cellphone .
A man wearing a black shirt and goggles is running along the street
A woman stands on the curb next to a busy street .
Girls sitting on a bench talking to a guy .
A brown and white dog runs in a field of yellow flowers .
A man wearing a fedora playing a guitar .
A person clad in black attire stands in front of a store where produce is displayed by the sidewalk and the signage is displayed in both English and an Arabic language .
Man in hiking gear tying his shoe .
A flock of brown and white geese are walking through grass with a black and white dog nearby .
a guy enjoying his plate of food .
A boy wearing a knit cap is laying the grass .
A family walks up a set of stone steps .
A blond woman in a black dress stands by a blue jeep .
A pale tan dog with a ball in its mouth waking in grass .
a man and a woman walking down a sandy path surrounded by trees
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors .
Three girls sitting on the floor of a room .
A woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies .
A man is riding a board in the ocean and is being pulled from above .
A young rapper is performing a head twist and dancing while his friend plays the music
Police officer on horse passes bicycle rider in front of white wall .
A person is buying something using self-checkout .
Four dogs play together outside with sticks .
A girl in a white shirt is running .
a man wearing black is playing a silver guitar .
A man in a red shirt is on a computer and another man is sitting near him .
Kids sitting along a brick wall .
A little boy goes to hit a pinata while a little girl looks watches .
A crosscountry skier has left a trail behind him as he makes his way through the snow .
A mother holds her newborn baby in a hospital room .
Two people are playing basketball on a city court .
Two guys dressed in funny costumes at the beach .
A man is looking up at a board .
A female singer and dancer is on stage at a jazz festival wearing a white dress with floral prints .
A card dealer displays his cards on the green felt table .
A man at the top of rocks , clouds behind .
A young boy is bottle feeding a tiny kitten in his lap .
A woman wearing dark sunglasses is holding a saxophone .
An old man is hugging a woman in a red striped top on the couch .
A boy feeding fruit from a cup to two bright yellow birds .
A child is looking up at an adult while sitting in a stroller on a city sidewalk .
Spectators watch , and one snaps a photo as a man jumps off of a bridge .
A black dog jumping .
People look at a storefront display of a human like figure as they pass by on the street .
Two crazy looking girls are about to jump into a lake .
A man with a blue jacket photographing a large building .
A group of women in sports uniforms are playing frisbee in a field while others spectate .
Two men are kickboxing in a kickboxing ring .
Three girls sitting on a dock splash their feet in water while two of them hold drinks .
A dog is running in a field .
A man is standing while playing the drums for an audience .
Player sliding into base in a girls softball game .
A small child standing under a spraying water fountain .
Gay tourist giving directions to fellow gay men .
A man with a bike helmet and two young boys have just their heads peeking up from a pile of leaves .
A guy playing a game at a fair .
A woman in a hat carrying several baskets and a child wearing a blue hat by her back .
Military official greets children who are waving American flags .
A small dog carries a yellow ball through the grass .
A man in a blue shirt with his hand in his pocket .
A man and a woman are outside a car that is filled with items .
Two baby twins , a boy and a girl , the baby girl plays with a toy while the little boy watches .
A blond baby reaching for a bowl of cookie dough .
A cheerleading squad is practicing for their next game .
A woman in a parade is wearing a black sequined costume .
A barefoot woman reads a book along the water .
A young girl in blue hat and coat is riding a tricycle .
A woman holding a camera is gathered with people all wearing red shirts .
A crowd of people carrying flags bike and walk through the streets .
A group of dancers are performing with matching outfits .
Two brightly dressed women with hats are looking at something .
An artist painting a model dress in old-timey clothes .
A group of people walking through the snow near a bridge .
A gas station that costs $ 2.52 and nine-tenths a gallon .
A female cutting into a watermelon .
Walking on the street of a large city at sunset .
Men working on a project .
Two woman are selling produce in a foreign village .
a brown dog is running through water carrying a ball in its mouth .
A man in black looks out over a snowy landscape .
A team of bikers stops at the side of the road to attend to a problem .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to get a toy .
Children inspecting an iron structure .
People walking on a walkway during the day with apartments to their left .
An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby .
Man with tongs laughing while talking to another person .
A group of hikers are climbing among volcanic rock .
An important man with his crew walking on the field at a sporting event .
A young girls falls and cries in the desert .
group of people riding horses on a sunny day
A woman who was walking her dog out at a park has sat down at a bench .
A person sitting at a table with their feet propped up looking at a device of some sort .
Young boys with backpacks walk down the street past a large bust of Buddha
A child wearing a straw hat with a blue band drinking out of a pink cup .
Two people diving into a swimming pool .
Three women against a window , cleaning the glass .
Men in uniform meeting outdoors .
Three women talking together at an art exhibit .
On a cul de sac street with the circle in the background , a smiling young girl wearing a lavender top and blue jeans sits on a large , red rubber ball , the palms of her hands flatly on the ball in front of her .
A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk .
2 black children in a foreign country , carrying a jug of water .
Water log amusement park ride with people in it at night .
A group of men play basketball on a steel and chain link court .
Two bald men sit on chairs and look at a computer .
A young male hunter caught a turkey in the corn field .
5 woman stand outside wearing saris and hair wraps while one writes on her clipboard .
A small child is running down the street .
Three greyhounds racing on a track
A man with a colorful array of pinwheels is standing in front of some people on motorbikes .
A little girl and lady brushing her teeth .
A group of young women stand together .
A woman with sunglasses and a white shirt on sits in a blue chair .
A dog is turns back toward the camera near some potted plants .
Man in long-sleeve shirt mows his lawn .
A man jumps train cars with his bike .
An older couple jogging by the water
A boy is running in a field with green grass and some trees in the background .
A person pointing something funny out to other people .
A man in a red shirt is playing a trumpet in the street .
A boy in a striped shirt holding up a fish on a line .
The brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes .
Several people work at circular fabric dye pools .
A man in a white shirt and jeans is playing the guitar .
two snowboarders jump .
A girl lowering a blue container from a high location with a rope .
Two large dogs are fighting with teeth bared near some trees .
Three kayakers have just crossed over a white water rapid and the back ends of their kayaks are about 40 % submerged .
Men prepare a sailing ship at a dock .
The man in the backpack looks to his left .
A man in a red jacket faces the ocean .
One man who has a black backpack is approaching an escalator .
An older woman in a dress stands near bushes .
Woman at salon with black hair under drying helmet .
A mother sits on a blanket with a child .
A man wearing a red shirt looks to the left while standing in a city .
A balding man and his girlfriend watching a romantic 3D movie together .
A man on a dirt bike is covered in mud .
A woman wearing an orange top is sitting on a sofa reading a book .
A group of people dressed in festive outfits is gathered outside building .
Pedestrians , some walking and some riding bikes , pass a series of billboards .
A snowboarder loses his balance and dives into the snow head first .
A city street in front of a business with a construction worker and road cones .
Two people are in a fencing competition .
Looks as if the man in a blue shirt with white strips on the arms is pressure washing the kitchen deep fryer .
A group on individuals work at a laboratory setting while wearing a white protective gear and looking through microscopes .
A man wearing a white work coat is arranging soft pretzels .
Man on cellphone walking in front of silver car next to green grass .
One dog is trying to bite another .
A man in an aqua colored shirt , a sailor , a young boy wearing a red shirt and some other people tug on ropes while standing on a ship 's deck .
A young athlete playing a game of baseball waiting on the batter .
A man in a red shirt climbing a rock with his bare hands .
Two people are weighing something in a silver can .
A musician in the streets is wearing a pair of shorts and styling a mohawk .
Men of asian descent in an alleyway .
A homeless man sleeps on pipes with only his guitar as his possession .
two men sitting on the side of road selling items out of baskets .
A woman wearing a red scarf is standing on a hill by a winding road .
The scene of an accident where a bus hit a biker .
One man cutting through ice on a cold day .
A girl with a pink tiara and pink balloon and a guy laughing .
A golden dog swims with a stick in its mouth
Several people appear to be at an outside event where there is a fire blazing in a barrel .
A blacksmith is hammering a heated piece of metal to shape it .
Two men are working to fix up an old shed .
A lean dog playing in tall grass .
Many people are walking on a beach .
A woman sings and plays a small guitar and a drummer sits behind her playing maracas .
A man is rock climbing at sunset .
A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert .
A group of people are outside a brick building .
Two people are playing on a teeter totter .
A vintage photo of a vendor selling Sabrett hotdogs on the sidewalks of the city .
An African American woman looking at a poster .
a black dog sprints near the blue fence .
Two elderly women sitting on a bench talking .
Nighttime doubles tennis match being watched by many spectators in the illuminated stadium .
Little boy in a red Radio Flyer Town and Country wagon .
A young man is sitting in a rubber tire enjoying a beer .
A young African man sits at a sewing machine while making a garment .
Two females holding their cellphones .
Two boys talk on a field near palm trees .
Two women standing by a table of vegetables .
A young girl looks up as she rides on a merry-go-round .
A man in a red shirt is standing in front of a blue ATM machine .
A woman with her baby pose in front of a giant red Chinese lantern at a monument .
A man wearing a hat and a tan jacket walking on the street .
A man and children carrying bags .
A guy flipping a pancake high into the air from a skillet .
A baseball player sliding head first while trying to steal second base .
Many young people on a street , celebrating some concert or event and waving adeleide club flags .
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park .
Man in striped polo shirt looks on as a man suspended on a swing cleans the windows of a skyscraper .
A puppy running along a street .
A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat .
A man sitting on a cliff in the mountains .
A child is holding a bean .
a surfer rides the wave .
Two boys in tent-like area , with colorful balls on floor .
A man in a yellow shirt stands in front of a gray concrete building .
Family sitting on a bench near the beach .
A little boy wearing an adult-size cap is laughing and enjoying a popsicle .
A gray-haired lady is standing next to a vegetable display at the market .
A man wearing a large sombrero walking down the beach with a woman .
A musician plays guitar in a record store .
A man is sitting in a chair in the street playing his guitar .
A child riding a bike wearing a blue hooded windbreaker where the background appears blurred .
Several African American men are holding guitars and wearing white suits and hats with blue ribbon accents .
A man in a suit is serving a pan of saucy food .
A construction worker installing a window in a building with a turquoise door .
Two people sit in beach chairs with their child in front of them as waves come crashing in on a very sandy beach .
A boy in a long-sleeve shirt is holding a box above his head .
A Jewish man and a group of Jewish children , fill their plates from a buffet set out in a park .
An older woman standing in tribal clothing .
A group of people gathered in front of the Sierra de la Ventana sign .
An elderly woman looking at fruits on a table while passing by .
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
A woman on the beach with her dog .
A small child is playing with cut-outs of the letter " P. "
Two black dogs wrestle on the green grass .
An elderly woman paddles a boat filled with baskets of green vegetables .
A man doing a trick on a wakeboard
A man in a black shirt is standing on a beach working on a handmade canoe .
A boy next to the opening of a fountain .
A football game is being played on a field under bright lights , one man is running with the ball trying to stay away from the opposing team .
Men standing around a large pile of fish and a truck .
A young male with a black helmet and elbow guards does a bike trick .
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee .
A young boy blowing out a candle on a cake that states ' Happy Birthday Quinn . '
A baseball pitcher pitches a fastball to an on-looking batter , catcher , and Umpire .
A female Italian soccer fan stands clad in a jersey and face paint .
The Total Citroen racing car is on a rugged road .
A small girl and a small boy use shovels to play in the snow .
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand .
The ambulance on the flatbed truck was in a collision .
There are numerous people sitting in gray chairs .
A fireman on a ladder fixing a telephone pole with flames in the background .
A child is touching dough on a cutting board .
An elderly woman sits a in cage with two brown and white rabbits .
A mother is on her knees fixing her daughter 's blue dress .
The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
A boy holding a big rock with another boy blurred in the background .
Seen from a low angle , a man in a tank top plays the drums .
A smiling young girl wearing shorts and sandals climbs on a structure made of rope .
A person in a brown jacket is riding a bike wearing blue jeans also .
A young boy jumping off of a playground toy .
Two people riding horses in a competition with other people on horses in the background .
A man is fixing a cup of something for him to drink in a shop .
a guy riding a gnarly five foot wave all the way to the shore
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain .
Young boy wearing red shorts , tossing a bowling ball .
Young boy drops from rings in gymnastic class .
A group of people standing outside with a woman with blue hair .
A boy with a cap and a blue tee is joggling three balls .
A man in black business attire is crossing the street .
Several elderly people are interacting with others .
A goal defending the goal in a hockey game .
A person with face paint is staring at something from within a crowd .
Two African-American people are sitting on a couch and chair looking at something .
A man in a white shirt smokes while giving instruction .
A man in a dress shirt and tie is standing in front of a sign selling donuts .
A child looks at a robot .
South American native in rakish red hat grins at camera .
A woman in a yellow hat and yellow shirt holding her hand out like a claw .
Person in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits with their guitar between their legs while picking at their fingers .
A crowd in which two men are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outside of a Bank of America and a Christmas tree .
A man in blue shorts and a man in teal and orange shorts harvest a bale .
This is a woman playing the famous sport of roller derby
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .
A man with white hair and a white mustache is on a bicycle with a blue laundry basket resting on the handlebars .
Snowy mountains are in the background of three ocean kayakers .
A large man smiles as he reaches past a display counter with jewelry in it , pointing at something , while his younger , dark-haired friend looks on smiling .
A woman in a black top mugs for the camera .
A brown and white dog walking on concrete debris with a gravel pile in the background .
A boy with a blue shirt is leaning against a poll , next to his stroller .
A girl wearing a Hawaiian lei is looking at the city 's wonderful sights .
A brown-haired man standing in a green apron with hands on his hips .
Three people are standing on a sidewalk with one of them giving the peace sign .
A middle-aged man standing at a podium , speaking .
A man in black sneakers is sitting and smoking .
A woman in a swimming suit holds her two young daughters .
Two men are looking through solar telescopes that are attached to a tripod .
A man is photographing a piece of paper with his smartphone .
A large group of people walks beneath an arc made of balloons in a grassy clearing .
Two women are dancing in ethnic belly dancing costumes .
A man stands in a yard while holding a snow shovel and surrounded by snow .
Two kids are swinging on a playground .
A child covered in a white blanket is sleeping .
Two straight men share a hug .
Group of friends sliding down a sandy hill .
A rock climber with a white helmet is repelling .
A group of people stands by their dogs in a field .
A chinese man writing chinese word on a book .
An older woman with brown hair is dancing with a man in a white shirt .
A group of skiers shown on a snow covered mountain .
A couple and their child enjoy a day at the beach .
Two figures in a red and green boat are gazing toward some large rocks on the shore .
Mexican Red Cross members lend a helping hand .
A man holding a bunch of balloons against a fluffy cloud filled sky background .
Man walking down into subway .
A couple of people in white sit in a subway car going through a bright orange station .
Two males walking away from a bench .
An old , wrinkley person in green in smiling .
A group of adults and two infants enjoy dinner .
This is a man , who has a rope in is mouth , and a baby cow up in the air
A man lays down rugs in front of a wall covered in graffiti .
Two girls are standing behind another girl .
The furry black and white dog is running through a shallow pool .
Two city workers dressed is orange is cleaning up a burning mess on a city street and curb .
Two snowboarders in yellow and green are jumping in the air .
Two men and a woman are performing on stage in a " Thomas the Tank Engine " play .
A young blond & tan woman in an orange shirt reads from a highlighted text as she clutches a mug , at a table with a package of Oreo cookies ; in the background , a TV has been turned on .
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .
A man and a woman are grilling outdoors .
A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .
An oriental young man is closely examining a small object in his hand , among two boxes on a table filled with what looks like ribbon .
A black labradoodle digs in the snow next to a fence and a forest .
An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile .
A woman wearing a gray sweatshirt with a rainbow stripe focuses intently on coloring the self portraits she is coloring with bright , vivid colors .
A small brown dog leading a teenage boy through snow-covered streets .
A platform diver in mid-flight on a sunny day with spectators .
A tractor with a shovel arm is operated by a orange vest wearing driver at a construction site .
A man working on a computer at work .
A baseball player sliding to catch a baseball .
A group of jockeys during a horse race .
A woman wearing a white blouse , eyeglasses , and floppy hat is reading a book next to a small body of water .
This bald man , who appears to be asleep , is sitting at a table at a library .
A woman leaving a parking garage .
A lone hiker proceeds along a trail outdoors in the daytime , on a cobblestone path leading to a stone staircase going up the hillside .
A man is painting a picture outside behind a crowd .
This is a headshot of a young dark-skinned girl wearing a blue hankie and blue sweater looking over her shoulder into the camera .
A man in a striped shirt is sharpening a tool on a grinding mill .
A woman is playing a music game in an arcade .
Little kid racing in a dirt bike
A woman touching a pot on a stove while a dog looks up at her .
Two female wrestlers with long , blond-hair , fighting in front of a crowd .
The brown and black dog is holding a pink disc on a green yard .
A kid are playing with leaves by the sidewalk .
A man with a green t-shirt , jeans and bear feet rakes sand while another person follows with a video camera .
A young Caucasian boy with a rock star shirt being camera shy trying to not look at the camera .
A woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .
A man in a green hat and blue swim trunks sunbathing on the beach .
A thin man with messy , orange hair moves his hands over a flying saucer shaped metal object .
A woman , wearing a gray coat , places clothing into a washing machine at a laundromat .
A man is pushing a lawn mower around a fenced in yard , while a little boy in a striped shirt pushes a toy lawn mower .
An older woman is speaking with a Madrid police officer .
The person with the black hat is eating some noodles with chopsticks out of a bowl .
Someone in Europe pulled over by a motorcycle cop .
An adult is nuzzling a child that is looking into the distance .
a woman in pink is walking under a highway overpass .
A scuba diver surveying the tranquil underwater environment .
Girls playing in the water fountain hugging and kissing and taking their clothes off .
A woman looking at a man 's computer screen .
A crowd of people , young and old , are in the desert watching a Red Bull sponsored Jeep race down the sand .
People walk near the yellow line on the platform of a subway station .
Person wearing a blue shirt and black helmet in a kayak in turbulent water .
Two small children with older man plating a tree .
Young man with cap and buttoned coat stands before building .
An older man in a blue coat and green pants is sitting at a table with slot machines in the background .
Three people sit waiting in a lobby .
Two men outside looking at metalwork objects .
Two brown dogs play with a Frisbee in the water .
School boys goof off for a picture .
Many people are in the bicycle racing , including one man in a three-wheeled bike .
Asian girl holding a teddy bear waiting in a lobby .
A man wearing a helmet is looking in the bed of his red truck that is parked in a parking near a fence .
A person is climbing a wooden ladder up a rocky ledge .
A man in a wetsuit trying to balance on a surfboard .
The family is relaxing in lawn chairs and having beverages .
Two workers are cleaning a structure at night .
a man singing while a woman plays guitar .
A group of people enjoying an intimate concert .
A person wearing a blue top in a field of bright yellow flowers with a white flowered tree and another person in the background
Creepy man in a kitchen holds his meat high in the air .
Two men , one in a gray shirt and one in a black shirt and orange shorts wearing glasses are reading a piece of paper .
a boy in a flower carriage pulled by dogs .
A young man leans against a light pole next to a full trashcan while a bus decorated with an image of the Statue of Liberty and a flag passes on the street .
With a pack and ski pole on the ground , a man wearing a winter coat is holding a tent while other tents are already set up .
A man in shorts and a tank-top shirt tries to touch his foot while jumping , located on the shore of a large body of water .
two dogs are chained to a pole .
A girl sitting outside on concrete near water in a black dress .
Two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar .
A bunch of happy children having fun swimming and one boy is showing off his talent with a back flip .
Three men walk through a park near a river .
A young man wearing a baseball cap brushes at the base of a statue of Jesus Christ , during the day .
guy doing his dubbing and the director drinking his beverage
A young woman in a green " Aeropostale " shirt and a green bracelet with a black purse , looking down with pursed lips .
A counter person looks on at a food court .
A butcher works behind a glass window , in front of which is a display of fish ready for sale .
Kids are riding bikes near a dirt mound in the street .
Man carrying american flag rides motorbike .
Several construction workers are at the side while some machinery are being operated .
A man in a black jacket walks past some graffiti .
Indian woman in beautiful clothing dancing along to music .
A group of men riding bicycles in a line .
A male and a woman are on the middle of a court .
Two people are wearing bright orange hard hats while working along side a building while elevated in a blue piece of construction equipment .
Three women are running through a puddle , and there are two women behind them .
The view of a crowd in a sporting event .
A Caucasian male with sunglasses laying a wooden board on the roof of a building .
Two women , sitting at a table , with a green straw inside of a drink .
A woman in a red coat is holding a paper plate .
A lady in a yellow tank and black pants is running in a marathon .
An older couple cooking in the kitchen .
A boy and a girl are petting a cow through a fence .
A child in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow .
A group of men sit around a table laden with drinks and beer bottles .
A woman in a red velvet dress and black hat waits by a curb .
Six men of Asian descent join together at a table for some beverages .
A man being pushed in a wheelchair through a library .
Street acrobats turning flips while a group of people staring with amazement on their faces .
A man on an urban rooftop with a kite flying in the background .
the class is on a field trip in the mountains hiking with their teacher .
Two boys in swimsuits standing under running water .
An Asian woman looks out the window of a coffee shop while clutching her drink , next to a basket of poinsettias and a newspaper .
A guy pointing at a giant Blackberry .
A group of African children dressed in mismatched clothing sing and play instruments .
Three men wearing white shirts are skateboarding on a road while a man and a woman take pictures from either side of the road .
Girl with blond and pink hair wearing sunglasses .
A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel on a track .
Older man in full denim welds metal on workbench .
A man wearing a short-sleeved , checked shirt and a hat holds a camera while standing in front of a brick wall .
Children standing in snow , across the street from two houses .
Beside a brick building , a woman hugs a recent graduate in congratulations .
Chopped leaves are piled in the back of a red buggy parked by white reclining chairs on green turf .
A woman in a yellow shirt helping a little girl decorate cookies .
The dog is running while looking up
A man in a black uniform and helmet dirtracing with his bike 's front wheel in midair .
A man sitting on a bench next to his bike .
A woman looks at the camera in mid stride wearing a backpack and listening to earbuds .
An airplane is flying over the mountain trying to extinguish a fire .
Man walking in jeans and a purple shirt carrying a bunch of balloons that are cartoon characters .
a woman riding a large brown horse on the beach
A group of young people holding bottles and pointing at the camera .
A gathering of people taking pictures .
A toddler in overalls has a face of determination as he prepares to crawl in the grass at a park .
Official looking people view a map .
A girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket
A person jumps off of a ledge into a body of water .
Three women are standing arm in arm in front of a band .
A little boy jumped into the water and made a big splash .
A snowboarder is standing on top of a platform in the snow .
Two people in white martial arts suits are shown as one pins the other to the ground .
A woman is standing and talking on her cellphone .
Lady waiting at the train station .
A woman is looking at produce .
A little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves .
A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone .
A man with shaggy blond-hair singing and playing a guitar .
A man lies down and rests his head on a pillow between two rows of white columns .
A dog on a leash shakes while in some water .
A man on a red motorcycle .
A man and a woman are dancing .
Girl in pink coat is sliding down a red slide on her stomach .
Two men are playing acoustic guitars .
A black man with a pale blue cap and yellow shirt is sitting on a chair shining shoes .
A man standing on a tiled floor in front of a large arched window with a phone to his ear .
Two wrestlers , one wearing mainly red and the other mainly blue are on a mat in a wrestling position .
Cyclists are riding down a road .
A young child in blue jeans and navy blue shirt rides a bike with training wheels .
A woman is walking down a cold street .
Two children are practicing martial arts
A person in a black sweater puts down a backpack , sits on a block and holds his or her head .
A man works at a wooden and bamboo loom .
Two old women sitting on curb next to flowers
A woman attending the boots of another in the snow .
Two black and white dogs look toward something in the air while running in a grassy field .
Male musician playing an accordion wearing a leather jacket and hat on a boardwalk or pier .
Man with ice cream cart standing against a wall .
A group of protesters carrying signs and flags walk down the street .
Three ice skaters round a corner .
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee .
Several people are standing around a small building with a picture of a wasp painted on the roof and the side .
The janitor is vacuuming the floor to make it ready for the day .
A male skateboarder shows his moves off near a set of stairs .
The runner is wearing a red tank top and is being watched by a man in black .
A man rides a skateboard up a sloped concrete surface and into the air .
A crowd of people are clapping their hands at a concert and some are wearing blue wristbands .
An older man in an orange ceremonial jacket holds a bunch of flowers .
There is a crowd of people watching a person holding a microphone on stage in a hazy environment .
Man with white beard and glasses gives a thumbs up .
Two men install a statute and sign on top of a tree .
A man kissing a boy in the back of a van .
Asian children playing outdoors .
A young woman in sunglasses and shorts is looking at her pink cellphone .
A black dog pulling on a purple object with its mouth .
A mom holding her child on a red sofa while they are both having fun .
Man in a white shirt asleep at a desk .
Two men stand on a sidewalk in front of a tropical hotel .
Eight people dancing and jumping around at a creek side .
A man sits on a red cloth on the ground near a blue post .
The white dog next to the brown dog is wearing a christmas headband .
A man with glasses and a yankees baseball cap is wearing headphones and watching something .
A woman competing in a barista championship .
A young girl in a fancy pink hat listens contently .
A black dog walking on the beach .
A brown dog in a pink shirt chews something white while a brown dog in yellow watches .
A skateboarder doing a jump near some apartment buildings .
child in the road have no clothes
A group of people gather around a picnic table covered in chips and two liters of soda under a pavilion .
An abstract sand sculpture on a beach with a woman in the background .
Three people in t-shirt , yellow helmets and harnesses begin to climb ladder .
A group of woman in red shirts are singing .
Two kickboxers are fighting .
These people are sitting down in chairs watching a game .
The lower halves of two kids playing soccer
Children riding bikes and playing on a neighborhood street .
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .
A group of shirtless natives are dancing the night away next to a fire .
Little boy is giving a kiss to a lizard .
Children running along the waters edge .
A group of boys play soccer on a sandy court looking over an urban settlement .
A white lady looking out of a window .
Boys are throwing a football on the beach .
A well dressed man holds a skillet in public .
Two women on a movie set reviewing film
Pedestrians walking across the street at night .
A man walking in front of a colorfully decorated building .
A man pushing multiple carts onto a trailer .
A brown dog has a white toy in its mouth .
A woman with long hair jumps from a stone bench to another .
Two street who are dancing to accordion music .
A group of people gather around some food .
Foreign men outside the cafe watching others with stern faces .
Asian boy puts his head inside a large bubble .
A man in a purplish colored top , gray hair and glasses seems to be the center of this picture .
Two students try to walk a tightrope on a campus quad , but one falls off .
two men involved in a mixed martial arts competition .
Solitary man walks past blue wall .
A skateboarder wearing a green and purple hat does a kick flip out of an empty swimming pool .
three African women in traditional orange costume are gathered in front of a yellow curtain .
The man with the red and gray shirt and glasses is pointing .
A man is doing work on a roof .
A woman dressed in mostly black standing on the street leaning against a street lamp .
A teenage boy with a white shirt and black pants and a young girl with a pink top and black skirt walking through a weedy field .
A young girl has on rollerblades and looks ready to give it a try .
The men are putting together the metal frame .
A small boy putting something in his mouth with both hands .
a little girl is sliding down a short slide into an inflatable paddling pool .
A black dog is touching noses with a light brown dog .
A group of young people walking across a stepping stone path in water .
A boy jumps off a swing with his legs apart .
Kids are playing in the rain .
A female in a pink shirt and black pants in a harness looks thrilled .
A girl in a white dress is talking to a girl in a coral dress .
A group of young boys playing soccer .
Football players engaged in a tackle .
A dog and sand blowing in the wind
Two men appear to be working construction with their hard hats on .
People are buying food from a temporary food vendor .
A crowd of people are in the street for a public event .
A man plays a guitar in a common area .
A woman wearing a sunhat and gloves sorts oranges , surrounded by flat containers of oranges resting on a lattice work structure suspended at waist level .
African American kids playing on a marry go round .
People toss candy as they celebrate on top of a float .
Two women are walking down the sidewalk past a building while one of is looking through her bag .
A cute puppy fetches a yellow ring chew toy in the yard .
a boy in a white shirt and jeans in what looks like a black camper
A man and a woman are near a small body of water in a woody area .
Three race cars are on a racetrack decorated with yellow signs .
Three hard hat construction workers taking a break near their plant .
A woman wearing a pink ladies jacket and polka dot skirt with red shoes stands by a man in a leather coat .
A young adult is doing a back flip on a trampoline near a lake .
A group of women playing roller derby in a compact formation .
a boy jumps .
Two men in Harley Davidson t-shirt standing in front of cigar display .
People sitting outside near a red brick road with yellow cement dividers .
Overweight man in sweatshirt on his laptop outside .
Group dances on stage with shiny round objects .
Young men and women sit at a wooden table on which several partially-drunk beverages have been placed ; the picture is interrupted by an outstretched hand , colored green in the odd light of the wood-paneled interior .
A woman player in white and black , sends the volleyball over the net , while the opposing team in navy blue , tries to block it , as the coach and a few spectators watch , in a gym .
A profession baseball player pitches a ball in a baseball game .
Here is a picture of a man sleeping on the side of a wall or meditating .
A man wearing a black t-shirt is preparing a meal following directions from a recipe book .
Three high school students are in front of their class presenting their project .
Man does a trick flipping over several people lined up at a street fair .
A woman sits in a waiting room reading a magazine depicting a scantily-clad man and woman .
Woman holding a sandwich in one hand and a cup in another hand , with her purse hanging on her shoulder .
A group of five young men standing together , two holding one in the air , in front of a truck with graffiti .
A man is asleep in an alley with his head covered .
A man wearing overalls maneuvers a large soap bubble as a crowd of people stands around him .
Smiling young men and women sit on a floor , and two of the women suck on lollipops .
About twelve teenagers are in a band room with sheet music in front of them .
A man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike .
There are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window .
The elderly man is enjoying time in the park visiting with friends .
A man wearing a flannel shirt is smiling at the camera while walking his horse .
A guy in a hard hat working on some machines .
A person is taking a picture of two people kissing .
A boy skateboards and does a jump over another skateboard .
A carnival ride with five people on it .
A woman in a Nike hat and black apron scoops something out of a pot .
Five men stand outside and look like they are about to work .
A bird flies low with its wings spread .
A woman with a veil being interviewed .
A man throws the bowling ball to knock down the last pin .
child on a swing in motion
A man in pink is chewing a toothpick on the subway .
A man and women walking by a caution sign .
Poor student folk artists panhandle for bus money .
Back of man 's head sitting in a bus .
A boy and two young men pose for a photo on a rocky outcropping .
Man in a blue shirt , playing musical instruments .
A bike rider is airborne off a jump while another kid on a bike looks on .
A vegetables stand with yellow tablecloths .
A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street .
A child wearing arm floaties floating in a clean body of water with her eyes closed .
Four women are on stage singing .
Little dog chases ball at farm
Group of about 40 people in a hotel meeting room .
A child is standing alone hear a pillar reading a book while pointing at the page .
A boy and girl play in water .
A woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed .
A little girl is smiling while holding a vacuum and an older male is holding a large drill .
a red covered boat racing across the water
A man in a suit standing at a podium .
A person wearing a yellow t-shirt , inside a building has on a motorcycle helmet .
Two men fall as they battle for a soccer ball .
A boy playing with a wheel on a stick .
Two Indian ladies photograph the long green grass outdoors of their native land .
A girl in white boots holding an umbrella .
A woman in a raincoat leans against an enclosure for a subway stairs in New York City
Two people performing an archaeological dig .
A man in a checkered shirt and some striped trousers seems to be playing with some water .
People walking at train dock , dock 5 .
People sitting outside near a building with a sign display in 2008 .
An elderly woman wearing glasses has her hand on her chin , as she and other people wait at a train station .
A young boy dressed in his baseball clothes is swinging a baseball bat as the baseball is in midair .
A man standing on a beach is playing with two dogs .
A dog jumping into a swimming pool .
A man in a striped sweater writes on a small rectangular chalkboard .
Men loading goods onto a truck .
A boy at a skate park wearing a blue helmet inline skates on a small railing .
A woman is riding a bicycle through a forest .
A woman is smiling at an outdoor market .
A man walks down a busy city street with men dressed in Santa Claus costumes .
A black woman in a pink shirt , eating a muffin , is selling ducks and other toys at some special event .
A young women hands someone a doll , in what looks like a disaster area .
A costumed Mickey Mouse impersonator is playing with a child in a highchair .
In a college basketball game , the two guys in white shirts are blocking a smaller boy in a blue shirt .
A woman and little boy share a chair .
Couple getting married , bride holding pink flowers .
A young boy in a plaid shirt using a power tool on a piece of wood .
A woman in a dress covered with stars and a fancy , glittery headdress is standing with her hand on her hip next to a man in a silver suit and a fancy , glittery headdress .
Young girl sits at a table and eats sausage .
A singer on a stage is singing into a microphone .
A boy is sitting on an escalator holding a phone .
Two soccer players fighting over possession of the soccer ball .
A man playing rugby has the ball and tries to evade a tackler .
Two oxen are pulling a person through splashing dirt and mud .
Adolescent white man with black hair , black pants , and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone .
An overweight white man wearing a gray tee-shirt and lighter gray shorts is standing in the foreground of a classroom while another white man wearing glasses sits in a chair looking at him .
Two individuals with matching orange and white jackets and white helmets are sitting on motorcycle on wet gray brick pavement ; gray brick steps are ascending behind them .
A girl in a karate outfit is talking to a man in a white shirt .
The girl is swimming in sparkling greenish blue water .
A busy street with lots of people standing around talking and two are holding bikes .
Many people walking down the street in a large city while confetti is flying through the air and one man is holding a sign that says Team USA .
The little dog is going after the bull .
A man holding a screwdriver and wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap sits on the ground with a young boy looking at a outdoor grill .
A woman with a tattoo on her arm near the street .
A young girl in a pretty pink and white blouse and shorts is participating in a soccer game with other children .
A bar with signs advertising beers such as Bud Light and Corona .
A woman with a pink coat and an umbrella is talking to two other women .
A man in red pants jumping on a park table .
Two people are on bikes are next to a white building .
A black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog .
A group of dark-haired girls are walking together .
A boy crouching behind some small logs playing paintball .
A man is pulling a chain in a workshop .
Two youths , a goalie in black shirt and another boy in a striped shirt , are moving the ball on a soccer field .
A dog is jumping down the stairs .
A man in a red hat looking at something with his eyes really big .
One black dog with a toy and one yellow dog .
A man is playing a harmonica in a restaurant facing you .
A group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground .
Five men are playing soccer in shallow water , with a cargo container ship in the background .
Some barefoot young boy are wearing red and holding black containers .
A man and a woman sitting on a bench
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
two young women are both looking at their cellphones
A small child sitting on a ledge near a beach .
A man in cargo shorts pulling two rolling cases .
A man is sitting on a plastic chair on a pebbly coast while talking on the phone .
Children with balloon hats sit on the grass .
A man is on a motorcycle overlooking a canyon .
A dark-skinned man tending to the merchandise of his shop .
An elderly street vendor is talking on his cellphone .
A baby in a Christmas outfit looks at the camera .
A hiker puts his feet in a stream while wearing brown shoes .
A woman in a green tank top and green necklace , wearing sunglasses , holding a purse .
A man playing cricket
Passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street .
People walking in front of a big glass building with a blue bike parked outside .
A collie jumping over a white obstacle .
Four people are playing football by a body of water in partly cloudy weather .
A female ice skater doing a jump .
A blond girl with a ponytail an glasses listens to earphones and carries a backpack .
Two boys smile from within their makeshift tent of towels and blankets .
A child in a blue shirt , with a hat , trying to climb a fence .
Ralley cars muscle for position on a dirt track .
The baby girl wearing floral long-sleeve is standing .
A man with an accordion walks down the street of a public area .
Three surgeons operate on a patient while wearing magnifying lenses on their safety glasses .
A group of people on a crowded sidewalk boarding a double-decker bus .
A man wearing a tan sports jacket is on an escalator with a man wearing a flowered shirt .
This person is on a red motorcycle .
Firefighter cutting a car frame .
A woman is walking dogs on a road located in the city .
A man in a green shirt and fatigues is fixing his bed
people dressed in costumes by a clock tower .
A schoolgirl is walking on a street near buildings .
Two girls walking along a log in a field outside .
A white dog is running in a pond near the shore .
man wearing a harmonica playing the guitar and singing
A baseball pitcher dressed in a blue and white jersey pitches a baseball .
Some people in a park with a dog and folding chairs .
A man in jeans lying down on a pole outdoors .
A young man in shorts looks down from a rooftop at a young man on the ground walking away .
A man riding a scooter , crosses the street , in the crosswalk .
Two workers making dough in a room with a large fireplace and a crate full of dough .
Two couples pose with a snowman .
A military man is aiming his gun .
A woman in a mostly black outfit and white helmet riding a bike with blurred trees in the background .
A man sits while playing the guitar .
A man in a wetsuit rides a surfboard on a wave with a bright sun and blue sky in the background .
A girl in pink and yellow on a pink and orange surfboard cuts through the wave .
Girl in red jacket poses for a picture in front of a white lighthouse .
Jewish man and women standing against a wall .
Two boys sitting on a log that 's in the water .
A guy with short brown hair is playing a wooden stringed guitar-like instrument while wearing a green Hawaiian skirt with white flowers on it and has a pink flower behind his ear .
A crowd of people protesting with a man in the foreground .
A woman sings to a crowd of people .
A dance in a city featuring Santa .
A woman in a blue shirt in the wild .
A competition on horses on a beautiful day amongst green .
a young girl doing crafts , while a few people stand around and watch .
An elderly man speaks to a crowd .
A barber cuts a man 's hair in a barber shop while two men talk in the background .
Three quarterbacks warming up before the game .
A man in a red shirt with a blue cap painting a scenery .
An apparently elderly person is sweeping a slate patio while wearing a straw wide-bimmed hat and light-blue baggy clothing .
A little girl about two years old looking at herself in the mirror wearing her mothers makeup .
Older woman listens to another woman 's belly .
Two dogs are walking on a rugged path , one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth .
A man in a blue canoe navigates in a wetland with tall palm fronds .
A woman in tattered clothing is laying on the sidewalk near the wall .
A group of college students gathering in the community center .
Cowboys are roping the young calves at the rodeo .
A baby , sleeping with a finger in its mouth .
a girl wearing red submerges from the water .
Man in plaid shirt standing over garbage can on the street .
A large crowd walks in the same direction .
A boy wearing a hat with a feather in it walks on the street while a number of people are in the background .
Three workers in reflective gear are waiting against a wall .
A man in a baseball hat is talking to a woman at a restaurant
A group of men and woman wearing army pants and a white shirt are running .
Man taking a photograph of a well dressed group of teens .
The baby is tired of the hike he took with his parents .
Two girls are playing soccer with orange and white uniforms .
Two elderly people being interviewed by a camera crew standing near a green metallic van .
A child in a red jacket and striped hat runs down a sidewalk next to a short wall .
People are dancing around while wearing multiple colored and varied clothing .
Skateboarder grinds a concrete railing .
A man diving with a snorkeling mask in his hand .
This girl is clad in a red snowsuit , climbing a tree .
A young girl with short hair is weaving on a loom .
Two women are sitting and talking .
A multicolor cat fighting with a black and brown dog in a red collar .
Two men are squatting with one man lighting a stick from a candle flame and the other man has his hands folded looking at the ground while a person wearing a bracelet has a phone to their ear .
A woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .
A white man using a bull horn is having a peaceful demonstration to make people aware of the energy it requires for manufacturers to produce plastic bottles for water .
A person with a gray hood up sleds down a snowy hill .
A woman on a city street looks back .
A man in a blue shirt is standing on a ladder cleaning a window .
Two young boys in swim trunks wash a big , brown dog .
A woman and a man , each playing a violin , are performing a musical piece .
A woman is bandaging another woman 's injured arm .
A woman carrying a tube descends a flight of stairs .
A little boy stands wide-legged , each foot on each side of the tube slide .
A lone little girl surrounded by adults is eating cake .
A guy wearing glasses .
Two girls picks berries from a field .
A group of synchronized swimmer arrange themselves in a star shape in a pool .
A man is in the middle of a skateboard trick in front of a gray building .
Kid in red shirt rides tall bicycle by stop signs .
A skier flies through the air while doing a trick .
Two girls are doing karate together , while others are walking in the background .
A woman is working a laboratory , examining something in a petri dish under a microscope .
A man is standing in a forest practicing a martial art .
A man pushing a cart with an umbrella attached .
A group of women dancing and holding hands .
a young woman about to take a drink from her beverage while sitting in front of flowers .
A dog is digging in the ground and half of his body is under the ground .
The workers in the maintenance department continued to clean the area after heavy rains .
Black dog in a bandanna runs down a dirt road .
Three people playing in a pool next to a home .
Two people are fighting in full protective gear and helmets .
A boy jumps from one picnic table to another .
Bearded man wearing sunglasses , hat and leather jacket standing by an orange life preserver .
A man in summer wear draws an intricate painting on an asphalt lot .
Two children splashing in the water .
A tattooed man sitting on a sidewalk has pulled the neck of his shirt up over his face .
A group of people building a structure are talking .
Three dogs are running across snow with a tire track in it .
Three men are working on a circular structure .
woman in a hat and mask on a bike that is full of carpets and other things .
Crowd of people walking down a city street .
A biker drives his lime green motorcycle through the field , kicking up dirt and grass behind him .
A man and a woman are walking across a street .
Man in red bandanna straining to lift a heavy barbell .
People in quaint customs walk along a road .
A group of men playing basketball on an outdoor court .
A young woman wearing a short black and white skirt and no shoes , carrying a toddler wearing a red outfit and a hat while walking into deeper water from the shallow water on a beach .
Large fluffy gray dog standing in grass in front of a brown dog .
A female soccer player is throwing the ball into the field .
Several teenage boys are sitting in grocery carts in a parking lot .
A man bowls a green bowling ball .
A woman pushing a stroller down a tree-lined walkway .
Two girls posing for the camera .
A woman and a young girl are happily riding on a carousel .
A woman wearing a hat is using an umbrella to block the sunlight on a crowded street .
The person in the blue jacket has a colorful helmet on .
Baseball player making an attempt to hit the ball while the catcher is ready to catch the ball the ref is looking to make a call on the ball .
Man in t-shirt and jeans cuts up cooked chicken .
Two young children are laying down , one is crying .
A man and a dog are walking in the street .
A young boy with a white shirt is holding two large ripe green organic food items .
Kansas City Chiefs practicing football at training camp .
A person wearing a red jacket and helmet walks up near the large rock .
A woman with a white jacket and black pants is walking down the sidewalk in front of a banner advertising hamburgers .
A black boxer has just landed hit with his left glove on the cheek of a white boxer .
A beefy guy with short brown hair in a beard is laying in a bathtub with his hands clasped behind his head .
People sitting at a dining table raise their glasses in a toast .
Two girls compete over the ball while playing lacrosse .
An older man sitting on a stool on the sidewalk playing a violin .
Cars parked on the street at night .
A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
A brunette woman tastes her edible creation from a bowl .
A boy wearing a Scottish kilt holding a large stick
A young boy stands behind a woven mat under a roof of palm fronds .
A woman opens a door to peak around the corner .
A young man plays a bass guitar on stage with a another young man playing drums in the background .
A man camps outside with a tent and necessary camping gear .
A baseball player who is about to slide into the base .
Two children reaching out toward a swimming seal .
Two men in a small vehicle participate in a street race with a crowd cheering them on from the sidelines .
The silhouette of a person wearing a hat in front of a bridge .
Young lady takes a walk on a bridge , listening to music .
Two people are standing on a hill overlooking rolling green grass .
Two adults talking after class .
A person is being pulled by watercraft across the gleaming water .
Women gathered around , knitting .
guy riding his bike coming out of the forest .
An older guy is playing chess with a young boy .
The girl in the white dress is paying her bill at the counter .
A woman relaxes with her bike on a red blanket in a field of green grass and trees .
a woman with a backpack and a aqua green shirt with her hand on her head and her hair pulled up looking over a few hills .
A protester picks up his signs from a graffiti painted sidewalk .
The little boy is holding a spoon in his hand whilst winking one eye .
A man in a blue sweater is playing a sporting game on the Wii !
A woman from behind standing at a crosswalk .
Two young attractive women with shorts cross a street of a busy city .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans is laying on rocks .
A tan man is massaging his bicep .
Two men play with fireworks on the beach .
The man is being pulled behind a boat and doing tricks .
The man is wearing a red outfit and red mask stands in front of another man in urban camouflage .
A man surveys the distance as he stands under a tree .
A tourist asking a local for directions to their hotel .
A woman in a beautiful wedding dress .
A woman in a pink skirt is serving a ball in a tennis game .
A little boy tries to vacuum his rug while his older brother watches .
A girl hanging from a basketball goal while a boy on the ground looks on .
A man pointing to the air standing next a group of people hanging wings on a bus .
Young Indian children in an old stone building watching an elephant who his touching one child on the head .
A woman and child are at a park manipulating one of the toys there .
Two women with dogs and a man standing on a street-corner .
Man and young child sitting on the ground in front of red rock wall .
A Jewish family having a meeting .
A lady in denim shorts and red sleeveless shirt is walking towards a building .
A man in a striped red shirt leans in his truck 's passenger seat and plays with a jacket sleeve .
A boy in a blue helmet blue and red baseball uniform runs to a base .
two women walking down the street
Two cyclists race along the edge of a roadway
A small brown dog is playing with a fuzzy slipper .
A dog runs through the grass .
A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond .
a loan motorcyclist riding a red motorcycle on a racetrack
It 's Christmas , a family posing by their tree and presents .
A dog leaping over a hurdle .
A man in a black swim trunk doing a flip cannonball .
A man with a camera sitting on a stair .
Two figures are walking by a pond .
An Asian youth with red-hair and painted face plays a guitar and sings .
The man jumps off the chair .
A male volleyball player in red attempts a hit against two blockers in blue and white , during an Olympic indoor volleyball match .
A newswoman being filmed in Times Square .
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk .
A young girl in pigtails and a flower painted on her face is looking up into the air with an upset look on her face .
An old man stands in front of a rundown building .
A main in overalls and a helmet riding a two-wheeled machine .
Three men dancing as a group of people watch .
A man is doing a flip off a graffiti wall with a city in the background .
A family gathers to test out their new yellow model plane .
Four female passengers wait for their train , one is sitting and the rest are standing .
A man loading gear onto a horse 's back .
A toddler wearing an Elmo Christmas outfit holds a red guitar .
A mother is holding a baby that is wearing a panda costume .
Muslim men are protesting in a populated city .
As many gather on the beach to watch the air show , the planes make a heart in the sky .
A black and white dog runs towards the camera .
Two young girls sitting on an all terrain vehicle .
Decorated limo passing by elderly woman waiting on park bench in Chinese street .
A man is exercising while having two bottles of tea ready to drink .
Here is a young male skateboarder at the top of a turn .
A photographer is taking pictures from rinkside of a hockey game
A girl kicks up fallen autumn leaves .
Construction workers installing a light post .
Two female street performers wearing transparent skirts perform while wearing white face paint .
Young children play near a stack of two tires .
A young man is wearing glasses .
Someone is cooking a meal .
Young boy wheeling his take from the Pumpkin farm .
Two men in red shirts race on bicycles , while others watch .
Two motorcycles and four riders are on the road .
Boys and girls standing barefoot in a line .
A group of 4 people sit around a table drinking beverages while watching one man who is holding up three fingers .
Two little boys playing around a blue truck .
A man is carrying a large red bag up some steps .
A child in blue holds a rope while three other children watch .
Two men are talking a flower stand .
A young boy eats noodles with large utensils .
A woman wearing a red shirt and cheese hat cutting cheese .
A youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword .
A mother consoling her child .
A man in a karate is performing in front of two judges .
A man getting ready to play at a piano bar with a female looking on closely .
An Asian woman in a white shirt working with machinery giving the peace sign .
A girl in white playing the electric bass .
Two people are walking down the street holding hands in the fall .
A group of woman stands near a group of Army men .
PLayers in midair , on the net , in volleyball game trying to hit the volleyball to score .
A young Buddhist monk is smiling .
Puzzled asian man wearing kimono and scratching head , standing and holding bag in paved outdoor shopping area .
An old lady wearing a gray hat coming out of the store .
Men dressed in winter clothing stand against a railing on a snowy street
A person in a white hat is painting a mural .
A man in a striped shirt is playing with a baby and making him laugh .
Garbed in a turban , a bearded Middle Eastern man marches through a field with a shovel slung over his shoulders .
Two women in bathing suits watching people on the steps with a huge white bubble .
Middle-aged woman dressed for warmth sows seeds in the ground of her garden .
A shirtless man with a sleeve of tattoos walks toward a black pickup truck .
A man in a black and white shirt is reading a book while two men look at him .
A female and a male dancer are standing back to back and the women is wearing a green dress .
Four boys pose for the camera .
The white dog ran across the tile floor .
A brown dog is running in the water by the beach .
A man is cycling on the road .
An indian family riding on a motorbike on the street .
Two men are wearing black hats and carrying bagpipes .
A young boy wearing orange is running with the football as the boy in blue tries to wrestle him to the ground .
A barber is trimming the neckline of a man on the side of the street .
A man dressed in all black carries a red and black flag with a small crowd behind him .
Two girls are walking down the street , one of them has an umbrella .
The urban trolly 's of a city on a sunny day .
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board .
Three people race their bicycles in competition in the forest .
This is a scene where a large group , wearing name tags , has gathered for dinner in a restaurant .
Two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow .
Five people seated in front of small tables with a laptop and glasses of water in front of them , one is reading a book .
People walking and one in a wheelchair wearing a black jacket .
A rugby player is attempting to outplay his opponents .
two guys riding bikes together
A person giving a speech at the steps of a building .
Several people are in a building and one is holding a drink bottle .
Several people are in an outdoor swimming pool including several children and a few adults .
A bird is perched on a tree branch .
Two people are hugging at the end of a stone jetty that looks out over the ocean .
Two children posing with a snowman .
People at a photo shoot .
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera .
The man is standing on the rocks above the river with his arms in the air .
A gondola is steered through the canals with other boats around .
A young man is constructing a detailed sand castle .
Several people with baggage , lost looks on their faces , and comfortable .
multiple female runners are preparing to start a race .
A man in a white lab coat is looking through a microscope .
A cello player and a violinist getting ready for their performance in an elegant room .
Woman reaching new heights .
A woman wearing a black and blue dress figure skating on one leg .
A group of college students sitting on a couch in a coffee shop discussing an exam they just took .
Two children enjoying their day with a game of twister .
Youth 's picking up trash along the side of the street .
Two people are walking next to a wall with graffiti .
A boy is playing on a clothing rack .
an asian woman stands with her messanger bag .
Man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something .
A young girl sliding down an orange slide
Onlookers watch a white stock car that has smoke coming out of the back .
one man wearing a black hoodie sweatshirt and another wearing a box over his head
One man who is wearing a white robe and is very focused with something on his head .
A man in a dark red tunic walks by a couple in black t-shirts while holding a wooden spear .
African women at work walking around with woven baskets on their head .
A man wearing a blue shirt is talking to two men wearing orange and yellow work vest .
A beagle walks through the grass .
A man with multicolored hair wearing a weird outfit
Ship workers posing for a picture in life jackets underway .
Man with a basketball in a Florida uniform .
A Guy is riding on something , down a snow hill
Dirt covered British safari men with mustaches and round glasses .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snow slope .
A woman in a black dress and black heels carries a shopping bag while leaning against a green bar while her child plays with a toy truck on the ground .
A man in a light blue and white striped shirt is cooking at the stove in a kitchen .
A young Asian girl with a white bear stocking hat .
A woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book .
A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school .
A sweaty drummer is beating on his drums .
The boy in blue and white pajamas is sitting at the table eating .
Two surgeons performing a surgery .
A woman is walking in front of a brick wall on a sunny day .
Man dressed like Jimi Hendrix with guitar and his arm raised .
A man in striped shirt standing in front of , and working on , audio equipment .
A male playing a keyboard as part of a band .
A man stands under and elephant turned upside down .
A woman swings at a softball on a playing field while other players look on .
People on the sideline of a soccer match .
A dog runs by two cows .
A happy boy , jumps in the sand .
One guy juggling while a guy and girl watch .
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water .
Several people are sitting on the back of a truck outside .
A man squatting in front a pile of objects .
An older Asian women is showing off some vegetables she just collected from a field .
Three contestants eating pie with cream over their faces .
A single man in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles .
A man walks past blue payphones .
A baseball catcher catches a ball while the umpire watches .
A construction worker takes a moment to wipe his face while working in the hot sun outdoors .
a man wearing a red coat is outside with his hand over his head to block out the sun .
A vendor sells plants at an outdoor market .
profile in silhouette of person walking near metal fence .
Three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck .
Two male workers are observing another smiling male worker while he does his job .
Two girls dipping their hands in a fountain as people walk by .
People running in a marathon in running clothes .
The woman in a short white shirt is standing by a man taking a photograph of something in the grass .
a group of children sticking their own faces threw picture frames .
A man and a woman posing .
A child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair .
The two work men are digging through dirt and rocks .
The first basemen for the Atlanta Braves chokes the baseball .
A man is carrying many large bags that are hooked onto a pole .
A bunch of girls playing outside .
A burly man on top of plastic pipes flexing in a black and white polo shirt .
A woman is playing an instrument in a bus station .
A young child is in a hole with relics in it .
A team in white and gold on the sidelines of a football field .
Young children and parents splashing around a public fountain .
people are playing a carnival game .
Two people on a white beach , one has a very long stick .
A view down onto a street where there are people walking on the sidewalk and a row of motorcycles parked along the median .
A boy plays tennis .
a baby with pacifier playing on a toy horse outdoors .
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in area of gravel .
A man staring off into the distance .
A women 's basketball game being played on an indoor court .
Girl with short hair playing guitar .
A group of ladies in a yoga pose .
A man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick .
Man riding bike in forest
Three people , hands and feet on the floor , doing some sort of exercise in a gymnasium .
A woman in a striped shirt jogs next to water .
a guy stitching up another man 's coat .
Woman is taking a picture of a baby in a pink hat .
Man in blue is standing up in a small boat while paddling .
A woman dials a cellphone while walking past a shop with a reflection in the window .
A old woman stands by a yellow bucket and weaves on a loom .
A blond man and woman are having a discussion while smoking outdoors .
Firefighters spray a burning building with water .
A boy and a girl are standing on a riverbank facing the water .
A woman smokes a cigarette besides an electrical box and a billboard advertising church
A man videotaping with a guitar on his shoulder .
A man does a wheelie on a yellow ATV , while a crowd watches .
A man is sitting at a table outside of a restaurant
A fire hydrant with a face painted on it .
An out-of-shape woman looks depressing while looking at a beautiful scene outdoors .
A man is on a sailboard with a green and clear sail in the middle of the ocean .
Children standing in front of an old decaying building .
A person in a red jacket walking .
Two fellow soccer players are running towards the ball on a soccer field .
A small white dog inspects two sheep .
The short-haired dog is running across a grassy yard .
A man is jumping off a rock into a pool of water while three others watch .
A man looking in the mirror while shaving his head .
Seven girls are standing in a line to play at the park
A dog is playing in water on a beach .
A young man with yellow cleats and a maroon soccer jersey kicks the ball while his opponent in a navy blue soccer jersey jogs to cover him .
A girl and a boy walking on stones .
Two women are climbing over rocks near to the ocean .
Several older individuals eat outside on a bench with flowers behind them .
Child gives a yawning kitten a hug .
This is a small blue green white manual , with a bent cover
A toddler sits on the floor amid a floury mess that he has created with his hand still in the flour container .
a boy skateboarding and another man is taking his picture
There is a herd of antelope running , with a few jumping over a fence , in a field .
A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade .
A man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs .
A man and a woman run with other runners in a race .
A tennis match is in progress with ball chasers on the sidelines with an audience in the background .
Three young women in black swimsuits and swimming goggles , each wearing a different colored swimming cap in either green , blue or yellow are holding to the edge of a swimming pool as they wait to start a race .
Man kneeling while petting large bird in front of river .
Man in gray shirt resting a bike against a tree .
A small girl gives a kiss to a tan dog .
People look at lit up buildings at night .
an older female walking a dog .
A race dog is running for first
A team of six wearing safety helmets and other gear pull on a rope while standing on rocks .
A baby chews on a toy dump truck .
A rescue diver just getting out of the dirty water .
Woman with gold boots is looking at pantyhose and camisoles .
A man in a yellow rain jacket is playing a musical instrument amidst black and white birds .
Three children getting a snack .
A group of cheerleaders are practicing a stunt in a gym .
A woman throwing a Frisbee on a beach .
A man carries a child while he walks with a woman .
racing vehicle coming around a turn on a track
Man escaping a straitjacket while many people watch .
A man is sitting at a table , smiling & talking to a woman sitting next to him who is paging through a book .
Two people working on a rock wall .
Two scuba divers are diving underwater and meet with a friendly dolphin .
A man in a yellow and black wetsuit is surfing a small wave .
several cats resting in a field of dry grass
Two women wearing tiger print jumpsuits and sandals stroll down the street .
A man marking on the wall .
Four men and one woman in black shirts stand in a park .
A man in a brown jacket turns a corner in front of a brown store .
A woman is cleaning a pool with a net while a man watches .
A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski .
A male hockey player in a bright purple uniform skates across the ice with a hockey stick and a puck .
A thin brunette girl wearing all white leaps in front of a large fountain .
A dog is running through the yard
A man parachuting down a snowy mountain .
A man in a panama hat and aviator glasses converses with another man in a gray sport coat and jeans .
2 men taking a photo of a broken tv in an abandoned warehouse .
A solitary woman uses a large primitive mortar and pestle to crush plant material as she stands in a stubble field .
A man , walking his pomeranian , is giving a biker directions .
Three female dancers are doing dance moves on stage of an auditorium .
A boy smiles at the camera and jumps in the air over the couch .
A young boy with brown hair and green eyes looks at the camera and sticks his tongue out .
Small children with dark hair , dressed in brown smocks with sandals make faces as they dance .
A woman runs in a lake under a cloudy sky .
A young Oriental woman wearing a colorful leotard holding performance batons .
A person in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorbike .
Two girls wearing backpacks stand in front of a table with a woman wearing a suit .
A brown and white dog jumps over a dog hurdle .
A man with dirty feet is resting on a window ledge and his shoes lay beside him .
A woman carrying a girl through some trees .
Two girls sitting on sofas drinking soft drinks .
Two young women playing around with a animal toy together
Four children playing in the surf of a pebbled beach .
A white and black dog leaps into water .
A black dog is jumping over a log along a beach .
A man in a green shirt and a woman in a white tank top are standing by a yellow flag at the hole on a golf course , with other golfers in the background .
A bicyclist rides around indoors while a group of bicyclists ride in the background .
Four policemen or security officers are posing for a photo while two of them embrace .
A person on a red motorcycle is riding down a tree-lined dirt road .
A man with a ponytail and tan tank top sitting on a couch counting on his fingers .
A man is standing on a mountaintop blowing a long wooden horn .
A group of people are sitting in a lecture hall .
A rodeo rider tries to stay on a bull while another man runs toward him and several spectators watch from behind a gate .
A group of people are having a discussion in a circle formation .
A young boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a man .
An older gentlemen puts on a one-man band with various instruments .
Two boys playing cricket , one is throwing a orange ball .
Older woman in an orange dress standing on a waterfront .
Three men are looking around in a fast food restaurant .
A man stands on stage with a fireworks going off beside of him .
Two brown-skinned boys , One in a yellow t-shirt and beige pants with sandals , riding behind a smaller boy in a striped blue shirt and white pants , both riding a blue chopper bicycle .
Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .
Three kids are sitting at the table reading books .
A woman with a black purse is sitting in front of a wall covered in posters while in the foreground two men are sitting in a social setting .
A child pushes its face up towards a window of a playground .
A little girl with a yellow dress blows the whistle .
Two blond girls are sitting next to a statue
A group of black gentlemen sit sail to go on a fishing trip .
A little boy playing with a mop that is moving quickly , and has many toys in the background .
Children climb on a tree in front of a white building while a woman watches .
A man wearing a white shirt playing badminton on a grass field .
Two young girls enjoying their day at the park with bubbles .
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline .
A smiling woman wearing a red hard hat has a long length of rope around her shoulders .
An Asian woman is sitting in front of a market , holding a tupperware container .
Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles .
A volleyball player 's sunglasses show the reflection of the volleyball that is in front of her face .
A black and white dog is trying to catch a Frisbee in the air .
People are riding and rowing a boat near the coastline .
Two teenage girls sitting on a park bench staring at a cellphone .
The two are bringing umbrellas .
Black woman balancing a large blue bag on her head walking on the roadside .
A lady is showing some fruit choices to a man at a store .
A man wearing blue is being transported by a bicycle taxi .
The dog is walking out into the water and the sun is casting a reflection off of the water .
Two women are walking on a footpath .
Three adults and three children are standing or crouching around a child 's purple bike .
There are many people sitting outside of a building with statues .
Several little boys play indoor soccer .
Three stout men wearing shorts are walking past a third man sitting in front of a parked car in front of a building with the word factory .
a man in a brown suit passes by a bus stop in the city .
A hawk is flying , trailing lines from its legs .
A gold dog is on the beach and is looking at the tennis ball in the air .
A man in all black is walking past a pink hotel .
A group of children who are wearing blue are sitting in the grass and enjoying an outdoor presentation .
A man paint in blue , with a guitar trying to get money from people .
Police officers on motorcycles stopped in front of a building .
A group of people stand looking up and cheering .
A girl in a coat on a sled in the snow .
Two Asian women working on a hand embroidered tapestry on a frame .
A man being thrown wearing white by a man wearing blue in a martial arts competition while people watch .
Two men having fun and making faces in a cafeteria .
A man sells inflatable toys at an outdoor event .
Male and female ballerinas dancing together and he is holding her slightly in air .
A dog jumps on a bed and catches a green toy .
Young kid kicking a soccer ball during a game .
A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide
Woman holding dog on street .
A woman in a gray shirt pouring a clear drink into a glass .
People in a crowded city street .
Two people looking at a structure outside of a tea room .
This guy is trying to explain something to the man standing next to him .
Two little children are walking up some steps to get into an airplane .
Five people playing a board game on a table filled with snacks and candles sitting in a corner of a room with book shelves behind them .
Two kids play in a pool .
A man and a woman with white hats on are crossing the street across from two beautiful white dogwood trees .
A group of people are walking through a dimly lit hall carrying crosses .
A group of young teenager making candy houses .
A boy in a plaid shirt is pulling a cart full of plants .
Chinese men in white uniforms serve food .
People are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers .
The man in the striped apron is dancing with the woman in the polka dotted apron .
A man holding some small books talks to several other people .
Three men playing soccer .
A competitive rower is rowing through the water while wearing sunglasses to protect his eyes from the sun .
A woman in a green dress jumps off a chair in the middle of a field .
A young boy is posing with incredible hulk gloves on .
A police officer riding a motorcycle .
A boy wearing a blue shirt riding a gray horse on a gravel path through the green overgrown field .
Several men are gathered around musical instruments and a microphone .
A man with a bowler hat and a microphone headset fiddling with green linear objects .
A boy running on a beach looking out at a city .
A motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path .
Two men , both in shorts , are pumping something into a container at a water facility .
This appears to be a work place or research location , possibly a farm , but a very damp one that has some funky looking green mold creeping up the walls .
A young African-American man , wearing a colorful silk-screened shirt and a cap , walks his bicycle down an urban sidewalk .
Three girls , at a table , playing a card game .
A woman laying her head down on a pillow .
Two men sitting down while wearing helmets .
Football players on a field ; there are three players , two of one team and one of their opponent , as well as a referee on the field .
People standing around a dimly lit bar socializing .
Two people in a dense jungle area with trees and grass everywhere .
A bunch of vintage cars are parked in a lot .
People walking down the street .
A young man walking with another young man glances back at three girls they just passed
A black dog running with a stuffed bird in its mouth and another dog chasing it .
A large crowd of people walk , casually , across an elevated road or bridge .
A man sits at a keyboard under a sign that says professor Edwardo Alvarado .
A man holding a flag is standing on a busy sidewalk .
A lady , named Victoria L. Leak , sitting in a small office with folders and papers on her desk .
A child wearing a coat is standing on a white tile floor holding a toy in a toy store .
A black and white dog jumps through a black and white hoop .
A boy in orange shirt and blue jeans is jumping on the slide while others watches him
Before onlookers in a park , a man in a black shirt and rollerblades slides backward down a railing .
Two men walking uphill into the sun .
A guy lying belly-down in a swim trunk reading a book and a woman in a swimsuit lying on a towel who is facing the sky with her arm over her face are on a white sandy beach together .
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surfboard .
A little girl smiles as she watches bubbles around her outside .
A group of young children pose for a photo while sitting on stools and making funny faces .
A man in a helmet stands on the hood of a car on fire as people watch .
The man in the blue shirt is walking with the man in red .
Two people walking aside a wall .
infant boy with blond-hair in blue clog sandals , blue jumper , touching an orange traffic cone .
A man with glasses is reading a newspaper while waiting for a train .
A small child sits on a kitchen stool while looking at car advertisements in a newspaper .
A group of men and women are standing outside on green grass .
Eight young people are sitting in a rough circle in the grass at the bottom of a slight incline with three trees in the background .
A baseball player wearing a blue uniform with the letter 16 on it , is attempting to hit the base without the opposite team tagging him out .
three people dressed in costumes on a stage .
A girl blows bubbles in a dimly lit room
Two male children are reading a colorful picture book in a bathroom .
A skateboarder high in the air at indoor ramp .
Someone 's legs are in frame running over a beach shore .
A woman is standing in a street pointing to hats on a table next to a little girl .
There is a man sitting at a sewing machine outside behind a small brick house and talking to 3 other people .
A man in a red shirt shopping for candy
A man plays guitar next to a drummer .
A bicyclist uses an improvised ramp to catch air .
A young blond woman wearing a hat and sunglasses talks on her cellphone .
A man contemplates his papers on the corner with a black suitcase by his side .
A woman in a red coat selling various herbs and food .
A man dressed in a black shirt and jean pants is cutting wood on a table to use for his half finished wooden fence around his yard .
A man with a helmet rides his bike on a bumpy path .
A little girl kneels on a ledge at the edge of a fence , with a bucket in front of her .
A female soccer team is preparing to say a cheer .
A man driving a John Deer tractor in front of a fence .
An middle-age woman smiling while sewing .
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows .
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water .
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground .
A boy is blowing bubbles
A man doing an experiment .
A group of children are looking into microscopes with two men observing .
A man wearing a glove and grinding a piece of metal .
Two little brown-haired girls are grinning and squinting their eyes .
People in a horse driven red carriage in a city near a parked car .
Men throwing tomatoes from a large trash ben .
A smiling young boy wearing a bathing suit is holding a surfboard and laying down in the ocean water .
A girl tries holding onto a vine so she so n't fall into the water .
This man and women are dressed up taking a photo .
Many people are dining at an indoor food court .
The skateboarder is in the air while holding his board .
A girls in a red sweatsuit leaps through the air .
A man is sitting in the snow with his dog asking for spare change .
A woman is looking out the window up at the sky .
A smiling boy swims underwater in a pool .
A man eats from a disposable plate while two dogs beg for his food and two women sitting nearby look at one another .
A man reading a newspaper inside a building with a black car .
A white man taking a photo in front of water .
A balding man in a pink shirt who is holding a basket is waiting in a line , outside of an establishment .
A girl wearing a blue floral patterned dress is sitting on the cement and sorting leaves .
Two boys cutting some meat .
Several young men around a white bus with luggage .
Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard .
A man wearing a t-shirt and blue jeans is sitting outdoors underneath balloons .
A man in an orange shirt and yellow hard hat walks on a road .
A man walks on the sidewalk next to a building .
A Chinese woman with dark hair and black sweater is making food .
A young child playing with a empty bucket in the grass .
A woman in glasses and a pink dressing standing in the street .
Man sits on bike in air .
A baby wearing a nice clothes
A man in a costume is at a parade .
Lady in black standing and smoking with another girl sitting on the steps .
Three people are looking at sculptures made of rocks located on a body of water .
A blond girl in a tennis uniform walks toward the other side of th court .
One man and two women standing buy a grill eating and cooking out .
A female camera operator is capturing some off-camera activity .
A white-haired woman wearing a blue shirt is squatting with three cats near her .
The woman sat on the bench while the children ate ice cream .
A woman in a white tank top is holding a microphone and singing with a man in a brown shirt , who is also holding a microphone .
Two children in school uniforms chasing birds on a brick paved street .
Girl in pink shirt with white writing lying in grass .
Several adults and children are either sliding down , or waiting at the bottom of a very tall yellow slide .
A group of people rest on a park bench underneath the shade of the canopy of trees as a man in a brightly colored pink stripe shirt walks past .
A man squeezes between two rock formations .
Two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table .
A man is walking a gray dog on the grass using a long leash .
A man in a white cap holds a sign reading " 4th Commandment MONDAY IS THE LORD 'S 7th DAY OF REST "
A man and a boy are running on the beach .
Women are standing around filled garbage bags on the street .
A blond-haired girl wearing a white and brown shit is blowing a bubble with her gum .
An elderly man holds the hands of a boy in a swimming trunks .
A man in some sort of establishment , smiling while he is taking off or putting on glasses .
Two women with their dogs on a forest path .
A skateboarder is performing a jump on a slope .
A high school football running back sprints towards the end zone .
A young girl examines the fish selection at the grocery store .
A woman is putting on makeup while watching herself apply it in a mirror .
Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets .
Four children dancing for an audience .
two little tanned girls , one wearing a red shirt walking past a stop sign and on top of a cement block holding a cup and wearing pink sneakers , while the other girl is wearing a pink shirt and drinking out of a white cup .
Three men in cold-weather styled clothing walking down a road .
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer .
A man in a wide-brimmed hat is sleeping against a column .
People moving furniture into a U-haul and man disposing of garbage into garbage cans .
Three construction workers working on a street .
Two men are talking on a porch in front of a wrought iron rail .
Two men in plaid shirts and orange hard hats are standing on a hillside looking at a recently sawed down tree .
A chef from Hodo Soy is pouring batter into a bowl .
There are two kids , with their mothers , playing in a padded , blue structure .
Male swimmers on a podium after a race , surrounded by older men .
An older man wearing a turban sits on the ground while holding a large rock .
A group of four men are bicycling down a street .
A man in a green shirt and blue jeans is standing at a crosswalk across from a large building .
A person wearing a blue and yellow snowsuit , a blue helmet and snow goggles is moving down a snow covered incline .
A man is carving an object out of clay .
A man wearing jeans , polo shirt and a baseball cap , fork in hand , is grilling meat outside in a fenced yard .
A large white boat is slowing coasting on the ocean with several people inside .
Man sitting on a bench on the sidewalk .
A man stands in front of a booth full of colorful products .
Several people are gathered by some statues .
Several chairs lined against a wall , with children sitting in them .
two little boys play with a puddle .
Two black dogs running in snow with toys in their mouths .
A young boy smiling while hanging from outdoor play equipment .
A red-uniformed hockey player is attempting to control the puck while two white-suited hockey players try to disrupt him .
3 people are dancing in weird clothes .
Men are playing drums on the street with people behind them dancing .
A snowboarder goes down a ramp .
A band playing music on stage .
A man who looks like he is adjusting something on his face and ears at a train station .
A man in a canoe throwing a yellow net into the water .
A black and white dog is running through the field .
A family is posing with a baby .
A woman with long hair is meditating on a beach .
Two brown dogs fight on the leafy ground .
Young children are having a fun summer day by playing in water .
Several people are standing around in a wooded area , with an recreational vehicle in clear view , two older men and two children can be seen , including a young , smiling girl .
A young man kneels to grill meat over a short and small barbecue .
Two large men , one in blue & one in gray , eating in some sort of food court surrounded by other people .
A father and son enjoy a ride in a motorized vehicle in the country .
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside .
A child in safety gear is climbing up a wall .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A bald military man in camouflage clothes and bright blue gloves cracks an egg into a stainless steel bowl .
people in a bounce house shaped like a castle with several people sitting and watching .
A man sitting on a bed focusing on something on his lap with a wall full of paper butterflies behind him .
A man playing a guitar in front of a building .
A woman with a white bonnet sit in a chair next to a brick wall with a bolt of fabric resting on her white apron draped lap .
A young boy is wading in the waters of some body of water , there are plants on the bottom of the picture .
Row of people sitting at a bar stool table looking out a glass wall .
A manager talks to an employee about job performance .
A dog pulls at the sleeve of a man in a leather coat .
A female singer dressed in black sings on stage in front of backup dancers .
A woman in a Bronco Softball jersey trying to make a catch with the ball hitting her glove .
A main street scene of a small town with an overhead welcome sign that says " Welcome to Golden " .
A snowboarder prepares to go over a ramp .
Two men play didgeridoos in front of a fireplace while a Siberian Husky lays on a couch .
A man in a flannel shirt is arranging a bouquet .
soccer players stand on the field .
A red tugboat is about to dock at a port .
A cement truck driver is smiling out the window of his truck .
A boy in a gray shirt is skateboarding .
The old woman is smoking a cigarette .
Woman at bar looks on at another woman being approached by a man
A young girl exercises on a treadmill .
A man wearing red is playing a banjo in the street .
Girl in green hoodie looking at the landscape .
Village people are watching a woman who seems to be checking her messages possibly on her cellphone .
Five women in red halter tops and short black skirts stand in front of a sports car .
A musician in a black hat is playing a keyboard .
A group of English musicians are walking down the street playing saxophones and other instruments .
A horse leaps over a fence while a rider hangs on .
A dog jumping a pole .
Two dogs and a truck .
Dog running through the snow .
Three white dogs are near a black llama .
Woman in blue sweater makes hand gestures .
Two men pose for a picture on a camera phone .
A young skier receives a lesson in the snow from an adult .
Two women holding shopping bags are standing outside having a conversation .
A donkey pulling a person on a cart .
A man in a yellow shirt looking down at the ground .
A man in a blue shirt with glasses and a shaved down head is looking at a microscope in a laboratory .
A woman seated at a table is knitting and watching a hockey game on tv .
A woman sitting on a bench filling out a form .
A woman with her sweatshirt tied around her waist holding hands with a young girl in a green shirt as they walk up a grassy hill .
Three people riding their bikes on a sidewalk .
A man in a suit is walking and carrying a briefcase .
People and camels taking a break in the desert .
This is a man in front of a store performing with a little boy standing with a dollar in his hand
Three men wearing casual warm-weather clothing and hats speaking outside of a sports facility .
A man wearing glasses looks through a wire gate .
Two men in animal print pants sleep on a white bed .
baseball player in black and gray uniform swinging at ball .
A woman is selecting fresh foods from an outdoor market .
An older gentleman in a white uniform and a young woman in a blue uniform are holding a folded flag .
Two adults are leading about a dozen children down a sidewalk .
A young boy in a yellow shirt is playing outside on monkey bars .
a woman in a black coat kissing a man in a orange shirt .
A person in a white shirt and blue jeans is sitting on the side of a shaded path .
A man in business attire covers his mouth and nose as a taxi drives by .
A dog carries an orange toy in its mouth .
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
Five children playing on a neighborhood street .
A guy wearing jeans and a white shirt is on a skateboard in midair .
A man wearing a hawaiian shirt and leis speaks into a microphone .
Pedestrian checking his cellphone .
A German Shepherd bites the arm of a man who has on protective gear .
Female tennis player about to hit a tennis ball .
A woman in a blue jacket rides a brown pony near water .
A man in very warm clothing .
The young Anderson player is attempting to shoot while his opponent and teammate look on .
A girl is jumping in the air while holding an orange and white guitar .
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard .
Construction workers wearing bright orange suits are working on a road in the rain .
Man digging in his garden for vegetables .
Young girl walking in a bright yellow sundress .
The musicians perform their best on stage .
An Asian Lady in a fur trimmed hood talking on her cellphone .
A woman in black looks concerned about something .
Several Muslim worshipers march towards Mecca .
Man in a baseball cap is hitting a punching bag .
A man in a statefarm.com hat and sunglasses .
A band of horn players with music stands plays outside next to a large tree .
Tourist taken pictures at a building in China .
A man sits on a bench and eats an apple .
Two people , one man , one woman , are gliding down a snow hill on sleds .
A young girl is staring at a large milkshake in a glass .
a dog chews on a bone .
A guy in a black shirt sits and reads a book .
A woman with brown hair wearing a black and white striped tank top holding a pole in a pool .
Three men are gathered around while one is operating a camera .
A girl in a black shirt playing a carnival game .
A brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet , with a green object in the foreground .
A man on a thatched-roof boat with an oar in the back is busy as the boat sits on bluish-green water .
A cat figure stands in front of a crowd of people
A man throwing during a track field event .
A man wearing yellow work boots is waving hi to the cameraman while another man looks on .
A man is tumbling into the water having fallen off a surfboard .
A brown-haired woman in a necklace carefully applies makeup to her cheeks .
A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post in the street .
Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill .
Black male dressed like he maybe homeless hovering over food .
A man is standing on snowy rocks .
Man identifying tree species to young couple during snowshoeing trip .
A woman with a fan near the street .
An eagle flies through the air .
Two girls in a party dance with glow sticks while other drink and make funny faces .
A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach .
A lone hiker with walking stick descending a stony stairway in remote countryside .
man in front of his laptop doing some work .
A little girl holds orange lilies while others celebrate an occasion in a garden setting .
Three drunk guys living it up in the city .
Students sit outside by a school bus .
Two people wearing skis stand looking at a mountain .
A young boy wearing a striped shirt points into the distance .
A biker in blue gear bikes through the trees on a bike path .
Men in hard hats are standing outside a building .
A young girl in a red dress in midair
Two people are riding at once on one single bicycle .
an excited couple reaching for a large black set of earphones
A little girl in a blue shirt is playing with something on a countertop .
A blond child is eating a blue cupcake .
A baseball player swings his bat at an oncoming pitch .
Two men look like they are playing with boxes in a mall .
A group of men are gathered together near a boot cleaning booth .
Many people are walking through a tourist attraction .
A baseball catcher trying to tag a base runner in a baseball game .
A girl dressed in a red dress and another girl dressed as a pirate are playing around .
A sun-glassed man plays the drums .
A group of three women and one man peer into a store window .
A young girl sits inside a brown garbage can as a man with sunglasses stands next to her .
A Notre Dame college baseball player is finishing a play on the infield .
A man walking down the street carrying a plastic bag tied to a stick .
A man stands on a concrete ledge and casts his fishing pole into the water below .
A boy doing a handstand on the beach .
A big man in a black t-shirt is holding onto a beer with one hand and a microphone with the other .
Man with glasses uses his iPhone at dinner table with a glass of wine .
A person taking pictures of a young brunette girl .
Four school aged children playing outside in a rural area .
Two girls at peace during a music festival .
The large brown dog is walking through water in the ocean .
A man running in a marathon grabs a bottle of water from someone wearing an orange shirt .
A man is selling italian sausages and bratwurst at a vendor stand on the street .
A man is staring intently at some plants .
A larger man is putting a tie onto a smaller man .
A balding businessman walks across the street .
A child in a blue checkered sweater with one arm around a wooden pole .
Man in blue shirt , sunglasses and earmuffs fires pistol at a shooting range .
A man in a suit giving a presentation on a large projector screen .
A man in blue jeans dances with his girlfriend who is wearing a white shirt .
Two men walking , one with a dog and a pooper scooper .
A group of people walk around a city corner and look up at another man standing on a ladder .
A young boy meets a pirate .
A man in a blue , yellow and white shirt is riding a bike .
A little white dog with long fur stands on his hind legs .
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in a field .
A college-aged , white male sleeping in what appears to be a classroom ( room ? ) with two other people inside it .
A man with a goatee is working in an office .
Three young women and one young man singing in an auditorium .
There are people at a fair boarding a ride , while two children are sitting on a bench waiting for people .
A large bird is in mid flight .
Blue and silver car going around curve being watched by people standing in grass
A woman in white is doing acrobatics .
people are looking at the antique cars , and the police officer is taking pictures .
A bird swooping over water .
A girl in a blue shirt is smiling with another girl .
Christmas decorations hang inside of a church
Two people in the foreground , woman in white shirt and man in black sweatshirt , are in a park setting with other people and a trailer in the background .
Group of dirty men play football .
Two men in their 20s are handling bikes in a bike shop .
Firefighters are at the scene of a car accident involving two vehicles
A Mexican runner bedecked in green from head to toe in mid-stride .
A woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a boy and a girl on the sidewalk with sidewalk chalk .
A man giving a small child a drink .
A man in blue is walking down a wooden staircase at the side of a house .
A man in a blue shirt making pink cotton candy .
A young woman happily peers into a brown tea pot .
Woman in a black top carrying something to drink and a green plastic basket past a grill .
Two guitar players standing on a street corner .
A man in a white shirt holds a microphone .
A man with red loudspeaker wearing a shirt with German flag colors .
a group of women with there small children two small girls and two small babies .
A man walks past a woman on a sidewalk as he looks back at her .
A man and a woman are seen kissing near an open window .
Outdoor group exercise for people getting healthy .
A young woman on a bike and three men cross a courtyard .
Children playing a game in a field .
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .
A worker wearing a hard hat is working inside a cave .
A woman is breastfeeding a child in what appears to be a march .
A dirt bike racer takes offf as others watch .
A protesting woman is holding a poster .
A dog runs in a field of brown grass .
This brown and white dog is chasing a soccer ball .
A dog waits as his owner rummages through a collection of stuff .
A taxi cab with a lot of people around the street .
Hands painted with red nail polish holding a nail polish bottle 745 .
A young woman and an elderly man standing in the woods .
Past the tree , a man is riding a donkey .
A long-beaked bird in mid-flight .
a woman and a man and a child standing in a street with umbrellas
Kids are playing in the ocean on sunny day at the beach .
A woman at a cafe is drinking coffee while doing paperwork .
A man holding a crow bar and wearing a masks looks up .
A man in green climbs a rock in a darkened forest .
A little girl in a red coat runs in the green grass toward the pavement .
A girl with a white top and yellow shorts is playing tennis .
A woman stands tall in front of a glass display while another woman takes a picture of something .
A brown dog walks through snow .
A woman in a black shirt , jean shorts and white tennis shoes is bowling .
A couple walks down a dirt street .
A group of army men and women hold guns and run down the street .
A strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt .
A baby in a hospital sleeping in a crib .
Cheerleaders wearing a yellow shirt are rehearsing .
Men , women and children dance at a party .
A man in a gold foils skirt , sitting at a computer desk , looks at the camera with his hands raised to his face .
A man in a red striped shirt and vest making food for sale .
A little girl in pink shorts runs on a lawn .
Worker in orange helmet is using a chainsaw on a tree .
A boy dressed as a pirate glares at the camera while boats sit in the background .
Two children in swim caps have a race in a pool .
Two older gentlemen are interacting with one another .
Three children , one girl and two boys are in the bathing suits at a beach in the sand , with a wave crashing behind them and at least one ship in the distance .
A guy wearing red sweater is about to be thrown of a horse .
A group of friends white water rafting and having a great time .
Two men are walking towards a building with a huge car painted on it .
The man 's shirt is orange and has a United States flag patch on the shoulder .
Soccer players practice on a soccer field as people fill the stadium .
A man is holding a hammer in his left hand over a chisel held in his right hand .
These woman are watching people play tennis from a bench .
A band playing on stage and a girl about to swing into the crowd .
A bald man walking among columns on a sidewalk .
A woman skiing down a slope .
A street artist is at work .
Two women and a man removing brush weed out of their yard after a storm .
Two men of southeast Asian descent are sitting Indian style on a bamboo floor , playing chess while two young boys watch in the foreground .
Two dogs , one with its mouth open .
Orange clad workers removing snow from steps on a cold winter 's day .
A young woman in glasses swings on a child 's play set with the sun behind her at a park .
A man in a blue shirt stands in front of a fence , while a gray house sits in the background .
Several people are standing in line at a counter .
There is a man in black standing near vehicles and a camper , setting up video equipment .
A woman is sitting next to a flower stand in front of a McDonald 's restaurant .
Children in uniforms cross a wide street .
A group of young people are sitting around a fire pit .
A little girl is looking at a bunch of activity books .
A man and a young child .
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .
adult man climbing a rock in a park .
A gray dog is bouncing a soccer ball on his head in a grass field .
A woman with thick curly blond-hair sits outdoors at a table .
A man and a woman smile for the camera while standing outside .
a man in a purple shirt is standing in a stadium with his eyes closed .
Two young women sit on the edge of the bed all dressed up .
A man leans into a car to talk to the driver , as a man on a bicycle looks on .
A man rides in an orange kayak on white water rapids .
Two kids are in a stroller in front of a fire engine .
A woman swinging a child around .
A group of people sit on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them .
A woman is pushing up at the roof of a flower stand with some sort of long stick to get the water off of it .
Two children in yellow jackets are playing in mud .
Short-haired female bartender making a drink .
A child 's hands are shown holing a piece of pink sidewalk chalk , drawing on the cement .
A bicycle repairman shows two men what was wrong with their bike .
A dog is playing with a football in the snow .
A woman with brown curly hair holds her head while looking at her phone in restaurant .
A female martial artist kicking another female martial artist in the face
A gray dog chewing on a toy .
The little girl in yellow is touching the dad who has shaving cream on his face .
A young man goes air-born while his skateboard spins underneath him .
Two people dressed as gorillas walk in the street
The dark-haired boy in the pool is surprised .
An Asian man and his opponent sit outside on the ground while playing a grid type game with checker-like pieces .
Athletic male flipping down a steep , sandy hill .
A snowboarder snowboarding up in the air on a wintry day .
A man stands on top of a submerged elephant .
A lead singer and a guitarist are pictured in this concert photo performing one of their songs .
A child runs with a bright pink ball in a field near a street .
Groom posing with bridesmaids .
Three children play with a volleyball in shallow water while an adult in a red cap and neon green shirt observes .
A ma is setting up a game for an outdoor event .
A researcher is looking at a sample .
Mother and son on seesaw playing .
Model posing against a white wall .
Three men sitting in a boat
Two mimes are playing tug-of-war while a dog is running between them .
A woman wearing a blue tank top is holding a ball and looking up attentively .
A man with brown hair is smoking a cigarette and wearing a black tank top .
A man in a yellow shirt and hard hat is carrying a tree branch .
A Muslim woman lies down in the desolate sands of a desert .
A man wearing a Chinese flag sits on a stone monument and plays the banjo .
A mural with an eye and hands says " stop the violence , we heart a safe N.Y. "
A woman riding a horse wearing a blue shirt and cap , white slacks and black boots .
A group of children pose for a picture taken at the dining room table as they sit down for supper .
A woman with ponytail is wearing a gray jacket and pushing a black stroller .
Boston Bruins and Pittsburgh Penguins playing ice hockey .
Three woman play beach volleyball .
Boy playing on the swing .
a young child eats fruit while an elderly woman watches .
A guy and five girls hanging out .
A brown dog wearing a red collar diving into snow .
A team of dogs are pulling a sled over snow .
A black man in a suit is crying at a microphone podium that says " National Baseball Hall of Fame . "
A man holding on atop of a jumping horse while others stand around watching him in a crowd .
A young boy excitedly shoots a basketball .
Men are walking down a set of stone steps .
Leaping dog sprayed by off-screen person with hose .
A rollerblader does a trick at a skate park
Child sliding down a blue slide with mother at the top of the slide .
Two kids are swinging on a swing while standing .
A group of guys on the beach .
A group of people demonstrating .
A group of individuals performed in front of a seated crowd .
A street shows busy night life .
Two men at the beach twirl sticks with fire at the ends .
A dog running down a snow covered hill
A dog walks on the sand along the water .
A baby being bathed in a plastic tub .
A boy runs while another family is standing by .
Ladies are dancing in the party .
Two people sit in front of a computer while wearing sunglasses .
Two young children playing on a statue .
A man is standing in the doorway of a building containing a garage door painted with " No Parking . "
A young boy wearing a red shirt , standing on top of a bench in the shower .
People ride on the back of a vehicle .
Two toddlers admiring a vintage train engine .
Someone in a red shirt stacking many animal hides .
Man in shorts and t-shirt walking and holding a drink in front of an archway .
A dog wearing a muzzle is racing around a corner .
A little girl , with long blond-hair and wearing a dress , looking at her refection in a puddle .
A guy wearing all black at a bowling alley standing in front of a lane with a black bowling ball in it .
Water splashing up against something .
A class of students works on arts and crafts .
a dog plays with his toy .
A dark brown dog wearing a yellow harness is jumping over a hurdle in an agility competition .
A man jokes with his friends as they all sit in camping chairs joking and eating .
Older man in a leather jacket carrying a bouquet of flowers .
Police dog has caught a trainer .
The black and white dog trots through the dirt .
A man wearing blue pants is riding a bucking bull .
Two groups of people dressed in black clothes and with brown hair , except for one blond woman , hold separate conversations .
There is a man and woman at a beach jumping straight up in the air hold hand and smiling .
Child watching television .
Two competitors , one with number thirteen on his headgear , are at battle in a large swimming pool .
Jewish men and boys r sitting reading Torah .
A man in a green shirt begins to jump over backwards as another helps him .
A young girl wearing a pink flower print shirt and blue jeans examines an object in her hands while sitting on the grass .
Men and women at tables having drinks on the aft deck of a boat moored in a marina .
Two young boys eat McDonalds for lunch .
3 couples in white clothes are playing piggyback .
Two gentlemen outside beside a log .
A woman with a blue shirt and olive pants is about to cross the street .
A construction worker trying to control traffic in one of the busiest construction sites .
Men sitting in chairs in shallow water fishing .
A black dog and a white dog with brown spots are staring at each other in the street .
An individual in black and white clothing and a mask is in the foreground of a group of children .
Two men with curling brushes are on an ice rink next to a curling rock , with a man in a red jacket nearby , and three other people in the background .
A woman placing a star ornament on a Christmas tree .
A man in an orthodox Christian church is praying by a sepulcher .
A gray-haired man wearing an orange shirt and blue shirts tending to a garden .
There is a CAFE EXPRESS sign with graffiti hanging on the side of a brick wall .
A man in a silver outfit is holding onto a long pole that is in a trough hot melted metal .
Man doing a show with lights outside on a sidewalk .
Old woman in headscarf and glasses stands outside in a big city .
Workers in bright orange vests on the railway platform .
Construction workers are working outside a building .
Female choir all dressed in black giving a performance .
Three men posing with instruments .
Men in fancy military uniforms are riding through a field on horseback .
A girl in a yellow shirt plays in the water .
A woman is reading while sitting on a bench on a platform with other people .
An elderly couple is walking in between a large row of American flags .
A sports team poses on the field .
A white dog is resting its head on a tiled floor with its eyes open .
A woman in a red shirt and Canadian flags painted on her cheeks and stuck in her hair band , is eating a dish
Two guys dressed in vests and dress pants .
A group of teen-agers are seated in a circle around a big skin drum , but one is standing and talking on the cellphone .
A woman fixing her drink with a man talking with his hands .
A family poses for a photo at dinner .
Players on the field of a soccer match .
Seven men sit cross-legged on a roof amid construction material .
Workers in orange suits are working on a road .
Some female athletes in red shirts and black shorts are jumping in the air and smiling .
Lady in a blue shirt who seems happy about the paper she is holding .
The sailboarder is falling in the water .
An African woman holds her cane up high during a ceremony while other women watch on .
Two women in red shirts are standing in a kitchen .
A biker in a white helmet is riding on top of some sand by a fence .
Librarian in black and a library patron in white thumb through a book .
3 people ( 2 male 1 female ) are replacing the wood chips at a playground , using wheelbarrows .
An elderly woman places carrots into a casserole .
A little girl is chopping a worm with a knife .
A man with his dog is wearing hiking gear and looking at the view of the mountains .
A young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs .
A woman hugging a man at a formal occassion .
A brown and black dog running to fetch a red ball .
Two women gluing newspapers and putting them into a ball .
African children holding up signs in their village .
The red-haired woman is walking past seated people .
A skateboarder with knee pads gets a bit of air time after jumping up out of a bowl at a skate park .
A man with a mustache plays the guitar while singing .
a man sitting by a fire cooking a sausage on the fire .
Four dogs are playing on a field covered in snow .
A man speaking to a woman with a stroller in a room with several dinners .
An older gentleman serves cake to two excited girls .
Girls helping out with construction .
A woman asking for directions in the city .
Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard
A man pokes his head out of a window .
A woman selling hats outside .
A woman is drawing a caricature of two people .
A group of teenagers jumping and having a good time .
About six people are playing basketball during sunset while others enjoy the park behind them .
A man carrying a bag passes by two telephone booths .
Two women kissing in a crowded place .
A man in a business suit is walking down the street , pulling luggage .
Two women standing outside looking at a water fountain with bright green trees in the background .
Two men leaning on some railing at water side .
Two dogs walking with their toys .
A woman , decoratively dressed , bears a big load down a cobblestone path .
the man is giving the other man a haircut
A soccer team player in a green shirt is running off the field .
A man wearing a winter coat plays the drums on two buckets for money in the snow .
The young girl is crosscountry skiing .
Two toddler boys sharing a baby swing at dusk .
Men are trying to sell balloons and balls .
Six people are sitting around an L-shaped table surrounded by books and yarn .
Three Arabian men sitting under an awning .
A baby happily stacks his Legos near his playpen .
A young women in a green shirt and blue shorts is walking past a man with a grocery card full of clothes .
An adult male is kneeling on top of a roof make repairs
Two go-carts with riders , one wearing a white and the other a black helmet .
A young woman in a park talking on a cellphone .
A young toddler drooling in a picture .
A person in the ocean wearing a protective vest is being lifted by a helicopter as part of a rescue mission .
Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .
Boys stretch their backs on a gym floor .
A child with his mouth on a red plastic toy .
A boy in a blue shirt is wearing a red life jacket .
An orange and white emergency van is on the street in front of a building with many windows .
Man wearing a blue shirt holding a chain .
A man floating in the ocean .
Young girl plays with octopus stuffed animal .
A boy reads at a desk in front of closed blinds .
Baby with blond pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen .
Three men sit on the curb of a parking lot .
A woman with brown hair wearing a red polka dot dress is singing into a microphone .
Young white male preparing food on the stove top .
A man is sitting on a trolley .
A bunch of dolls sitting on a table with a little girl in a blue sweater standing behind them smiling .
A man is upside down in the air .
Men are seated in a circle laughing in a room filled with computers .
Orange dog looks over shoulder , near posts in rural area .
Small group of people on a stage playing different instruments while a crowd sits and watches .
Several men sitting at a long table .
Some chicken , dogs , and a turkey are trying to get some food out of a white bucket .
a black and a cream dog run through a field in front of a blue house
Three women are sitting on steps and talking .
Two women on a busy street are eating macaroni and cheese .
A woman in all black going into a subway during nighttime .
A child in a striped shirt walks by some red chairs .
A group of people bowing their heads outside with long-sleeve shirts on .
A dog tries to catch a snowball in its mouth .
A boy in brown nearly touches his feet with his hands in the air .
A girl sits on the beach under a bright pink sunshade .
A woman in a white shirt straining to lift some weights .
A man sits at the shore and attends to a fishing rod while a woman and young girl stand next to him .
Two smiling women pose for a picture .
Two dogs kick up dirt while running down a hill .
A person looking through a microscope .
A teenager has his leg in a brace .
A city breakdancer starts to spin .
An older white man teaching to Indian students wearing blue while their teacher watches .
A truck-driver is working on his truck .
A skateboarder on a city street .
A couple sits on a bench overlooking a mountain range .
A group of fans gather for some type of event .
A dog breastfeeding .
two dogs , playing in a field , wrestling with each other
A young man about to throw a football .
A woman pushing two children are walking beside a large train .
A middle-aged woman wearing a black sleeveless blouse applies mascara in a mirror .
A man races a blue motorcycle on a track .
Here is a picture of two men walking in and out of a police station .
A bride and groom being photographed on a stairway in a very public area .
A woman sitting in a red chair is separating flowers out of a bucket .
A group of people are standing on a raft as it drifts down a river .
A cast of men and women in colorful clothes are performing on a stage by jumping and dancing .
A man rows his boat while the sun sets .
Two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood .
two dogs jump for a ball on a green field .
A person falls through the air in a room , with a step ladder in it .
A female gymnast performing a jump .
A crowd dances as orange and yellow graffiti rain down on them .
Firefighter Connett of the Ossian Fire Department climbs a ladder amid smoke and rubble .
A human and his dog are inspecting a horse .
A baby stands on a rock while being supported in a carrier .
Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch .
This man is preparing a meal , dicing up his vegetables .
A blond girl in a green dress and elaborate gold necklace stands in front of a few women and a man .
People walk along a path in a village in India .
A white man in the shower has fashioned his hair into a mohawk hairstyle using soap suds .
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street .
A man holding a fishing rod stands nearby four men with a jet ski .
Woman standing on a brick wall and taking a picture
A small group of people basks on shingle at lake or seashore .
A snowboarder is doing a trick .
A bicycle rider in a race being followed by a police officer on a motorcycle .
Three firefighters standing in a lift .
A group dressed in wintery attire of people on a sidewalk in Washington D.C.
A young girl and an older man are checking out at the food store .
A white dog catches a Frisbee in a jumping pool .
A man in white and red tries to stop a man with a ball .
Man with a blue jacket and white pants , standing on a platform , working .
a meeting room full of happy faced people .
A young lady in summer clothing walking and listening to music .
Two men in tee shorts work diligently preparing food for customers .
A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car .
A street corner with a blue truck and a red car sitting parked .
A dirty man takes a nap on a public bench .
A mule pulls a cart down a city street .
Small children in uniforms standing in the grass .
A boy slides through a tube .
The spotted dog rolls on its back .
A mother and children happily playing in a fountain .
Many people in a street protesting the use of coal in power plants .
Two older Asian people carrying a large basket of products that they harvested .
A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn .
Men are running and jumping and twisting in the air as a crowd of people watches .
Woman reading a paper , sitting on a blue bench , wearing all black .
A man in a hard hat and safety vest operates a jackhammer .
A man playing an electric guitar on a street corner .
Two people on motorbikes .
Brown dog is leaping up into the air .
A young girls with red-hair who is wearing jeans and a black vest jumps up in the air over a sandy hill .
A little boy in a superman shirt is flicking water droplets with his fingers .
A young boy sitting with a book .
A girl in white rides her bike past the curious boy that stands in the water fountain at the park .
A man in a yellow jacket sits next to a person in a brown gorilla suit .
A judge inspecting a gray dog at a dog show .
A crowded bars with a mixture of people and many different languages written on the wall .
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack .
A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a single soap box car on the road track .
A man in a white suit on a stage interacts with a small crowd of people wanting autographs .
man playing guitar on a sidewalk .
A young woman with red-hair discusses something with a man holding a bag .
Two women are embracing while holding to go packages .
Two men work outside polishing shoes .
A man sitting in the chair , reading newspaper while waiting for his laundry to be finished .
Boy in camouflage crawls on floor .
A boy in a baseball uniform with white pants , a white hat , and a yellow shirt with the number fourteen on the back is raising his left leg .
Little boy pulling a green wagon wearing a sweatshirt and boots .
A white dog retrieves the stick from the lake for her owner .
This is a girl in a white t-shirt eating noodles with chopsticks .
A couple attending an indoor business event are speaking with a representative in a nice suit .
A partially-furled flag is carried through an atrium filled with people .
A man wearing a leather jacket standing by water .
a boy wears a wrestling mask and carries bags of bread .
An Asian man in a brown hat hold a yellow folder .
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store .
Two little children are in a bin of colored balls .
A group of men climb ladders outdoors .
A man is sitting down holding a cigarette between his fingers .
The competitor lunges forward seeking the point , while the defender easily steps aside
Construction workers are busy working while people are walking by .
A woman with 5 shopping bags and polka dot shirt jumps above the snow .
A person driving a go-kart turning to his or her left .
A man demonstrating self defense with a young boy .
Three athletes compete on 3 wheeled conveyances .
A young woman is jumping on a stage with her legs and arms spread wide .
Young girls with gold and red capes running in a gymnasium .
Four people watching a man playing a musical instrument .
A young Indian lady working diligently on a crochet project .
A young girl and an older gentleman hold hands as he points to something off frame .
A boy in yellow walks down the street .
A person in a red shirt and helmet is going to ride a bike inside of a cage ball .
A man is carving a strangely-shaped figure out of stone using a long-rodded tool .
A view from under a table of a young boy laying in an older person 's lap .
A child and an adult looking at each other .
A small tub sits in front of the statue .
Five hikers stand around a large rock pile on a hill or mountain .
Men and women , all wearing green and white , are dancing in pairs outside of a building .
A person in a green and white jacket and green pants is practicing on his snowboard .
Young boy with long blond-hair running with a large bouncy ball and had two people playing piggyback chasing him .
Two men sit on tractors while two other men and a woman look at the cut grass in a field .
A man in a red uniform makes a jump in a dirt bike race .
Children wearing school uniforms playing in a water fountain .
Several bike riders line up for the start of a race .
Two men are preparing dinner over a fire with tin cans .
A man in a green shirt and white shorts is making pancakes for breakfast .
A man is leaning on an object beside a building .
The child paints on a large paper with water colors .
Three people wearing dark costumes and makeup pose for a picture .
Two men stand in a dirt tunnel ; one digs further with a shovel .
Young girl in pink plays with water fountain .
Man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon .
Profile of bride and groom cutting wedding cake .
A woman leading three children in the woods .
A football player in a white jersey readies himself to make a long throw .
A group of people at a wedding .
A Old man washing the windows of city lights books .
Young boy in a button-up shirt , jeans , and sandals sweeping stairs outside next to a large stone structure .
A woman prepares a meal with fish , eggs , broccoli and celery in front of a blue curtain .
Young man wearing hairnet on head and face
A man dressed in blue standing on the back of a train .
A homeless man is sleeping with a pink blanket on .
A woman painting a portrait outdoors .
A mail drop box for USPS that is covered in graffiti .
The girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop .
A man and some children are sitting on the floor .
A black dog looks up at a ball in the air and prepares to catch it .
A man in a black shirt and black jeans and a little boy are taking a look inside a green truck 's engine while it is parked in a grass field with a gas tank in front of it .
A man wears white socks with beat up brown shoes on a black bicycle .
Two people , one standing and one sitting , look at the camera , as they are situated around a campsite fire .
Some people standing around a pond with a bridge in the background .
Asian market with pigs roasting over a pit .
Several men wrapped in orange cloth looking towards boats .
A woman is looking into the camera while using a broom on a kitchen floor .
People standing on church steps for a wedding celebration .
Four men , seated inside a plain room on benches and dressed in military fatigues are conversing , one man wears a white YWCA t-shirt .
A group of men are talking while other people look on .
A little boy in a red outfit is on a man 's shoulders .
A person on a motorcycle is driving on the same street as a woman on her cellphone .
Two men sitting in sand reading magazines .
Workers are building something on stage in an auditorium .
Two men perform a song together on stage .
A small girl in a yellow shirt is sitting on a colorful blanket , holding a white hat while staring at something off the screen .
A young girl wearing a multicolored holding an orange ball in her right hand walking through bright green grass behind a house
Man in a red shirt jumping off a large rock .
A group of people standing outside in the dark .
A middle-aged man is looking at the middle-aged woman .
A cowboy tries to hold on with all his might as the horse shakes and trembles to rid of his rider .
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table .
A brunet male in a brown blazer talking to an audience at a comedian show .
Two young boys play in cardboard boxes .
A child spitting out water .
Two people sit at the table of a caricature artist in a mall .
A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree .
Two ladies are walking on a brick path along some buildings .
A man is on a wire connected to a tower .
Lady sings and plays the cello with emotion .
The children hold up awards .
A man in a red shirt plays tennis outdoors .
A young boy with his eyes closed tossing leaves while sitting in a leaf pile .
Girl in a white shirt facing away from the camera and drawing on a sketch pad
A shirtless man in shorts is fishing while standing on some rocks .
An asian man in a camouflage jacket and another in a black jacket are filleting a fish on top of a bowl in a stainless steel tub .
Hikers climbing over a tree .
A brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
Bike rider doing a high jump over hilly track , water in background .
Three men cut a hole in a frozen lake in preparation for ice fishing .
Two women , one in a blue halter top and the other a pink shirt , enjoy some beer .
Two dogs play in a sandy field .
A boy playing with an sweeper .
A lady with tattoos is taking a picture of a painting with her smartphone .
a man in a red shirt is looking in his back pocket
A young girl in red is jumping over a bent over child for a children ' game .
A young girl in a blue shirt is writing with a pencil in a notebook .
A woman is sitting on the curb staring off into the distance .
A skateboarder uses a half pipe while people look on .
Workers on a railing .
A girl in black hat holding an african american baby .
A black and white dog catching a tennis ball in his mouth .
Group of people sitting in a circle , with a laptop in the middle
A man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool
Guy in blue shirt dances with girl in white shirt .
A little girl playing in a soccer game .
A man in a red and white striped shirt runs a hotdog stand across the street from a pizza parlor .
A band plays in a city square .
The dog is wearing a red baseball cap , and has its mouth wide open .
Two men are standing on a rocky shore , while one photographs the other .
Two children wearing cardboard costumes are standing amongst a large crowd of people .
A dog digs a hole in a yard .
A guy wearing a motorcycle helmet is riding an ATV on a sandy road .
An Asian lady is cooking various dishes .
A yellow , suspended roller coaster on a yellow track is midway through a loop .
a couple sitting on a rock overlooking a valley filled with trees
A man is getting ready to put a tomato into a plastic bag .
A lady is standing on the edge of a hill looking at the Verizon .
A man operating a machine that minces materials .
A girl sits on a ledge by the beach , rainbow flags on poles fly in the background .
A young boy playing in a swimming pool
A dog lies upside down on the grass .
An Asian lady is sitting on the ground among wooden rubble , holding a stick .
A man and four teenage boys are raking a baseball diamond .
A right-handed person makes corrections and adjustments to a music score .
A man in zombie makeup is pretending to eat a brain .
Men are working on scaffolding outside of a building while other men watch .
ATM covered area with numerous machines used for making withdraws from a bank account .
A black dog in front of a waterfall .
Some football players on the sidelines watching their fellow a teammates start a play .
a black and white dog running down a blue ramp with his mouth open .
A group of African girls in colorful clothing sitting Indian style on the ground .
US troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in Tripoli , Libya .
A man in a white shirt is reading a paper while others sit on a bench .
Two children are walking towards a house with a red van parked outside .
These men caught some fish .
Two men one bald one black headed are holding up a team player in a two piece running suit .
A man in a stone street painting a picture while children are milling about
A woman in her kitchen is pouring something into a container .
Tattooed woman in white dress kisses man in a white shirt .
Small child looking at a train set which is positioned within greenery .
A young man doing a backflip into the evening water .
A man with ski poles stands in front of a mountain .
A group of people are meeting up .
One female healthcare provider is assisting a patient while the male healthcare provider is looking over information in a folder .
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field .
A man and a woman sit side by side at computers .
An outdoor cycling event with Braun markings on the walls , a cyclist run has gone wrong with his bike flying up in the air while others watch .
A man in a white shirt is cooking a big meal .
A man in khaki pants is standing on a trashcan and hugging a pole .
Two young boys wearing pirate hats are crouching down .
A Olympic Marathon Event with the locals .
A number of young adults in white shirts and shirts jog down a street .
Man holding an empty paper plate .
Two dogs , one carrying a large dish in its mouth .
A person rides his mountain bike down a steep hill in the woods .
Santa Clause with his white beard and red suit is riding in the carriage .
The picture is of a downtown area with people crossing the street , and walking on the sidewalk .
A woman doing some type of protest near Sydney bay .
Three women and one man , all with luggage stand around a white minivan on a very sunny day .
A woman is taking a man 's blood pressure in a kitchen .
A sponsored motorcyclist is making a turn on a racing circuit .
A man is standing outside tugging on a large rope .
Ending of a fisherman 's day on the beach .
Two females with two children are walking as other people approach them , including a man on a donkey that also has a second donkey following him .
Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .
A man is looking up into a reflecting parabola disk
A smiling man wearing a football jersey is carrying a stack of video games .
the white dog jumps over a stream of water .
A brunette man in sunglasses and light blue short-sleeved shirt singing into a microphone .
A woman is riding her bike past the field .
A man wearing a white shirt and red shorts is hitting a volleyball .
A man standing at the shore watching a sunset .
A woman waiting at a train stop next to a pay phone .
These two men playing soccer show they are n't afraid to get a little dirty in the name of sports .
A woman , playing music , smiles as a crowd surrounds her .
This woman is dressed in black and holding a cup .
A group of men bow their heads in front of tables of food .
Men playing a soccer game .
The child is looking at Santa Claus .
A guy in gray shorts about to spike a volleyball on a beach .
Men playing football .
A child is bundled up in a hat and a large jacket as he is playing outside in the snow .
A fish sellers stock is looked upon by two old men .
A shabby looking man stands near a carriage full of crates .
An Asian man on a cellphone is standing outside with a young girl behind him .
Two men play their instruments while a third sings .
Santa Claus being photographed at a holiday media event .
Several groups of people are in sculling boats on a river .
An man wearing a yellow shirt , denim suspenders and an orange hat reading under the rear tire of a vehicle as a child watches .
A man wearing a camouflage hat and sunglasses reading a book on a black metal bench .
A couple of people riding their bicycles in the park .
A person walks in the valley between tall mountains .
The high school cheerleaders perform the big routine .
A man and two little girls sleep on a coach together .
A man in a city carrying luggage on a hand truck .
Two people are sitting on a bench .
A group of students during spring brake .
Two dogs in a kennel on their hind legs facing one another .
Two young adults are working on a chalkboard .
A man in a skirt is trowing a large weight .
Two young boys posing for a picture on a bench .
A man dressed in an orange colored robe wearing sandals is sitting on a bench outside of a building .
Their backs to the camera and under artificial lighting , three men stand at a food counter .
A man is walking by a diesel refilling station .
People sitting at tables in a bus or train .
A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on .
Older lady is appears to be getting ready to cover her mouth .
Dancers on a stage during one their shows .
A young shaved head man is tuning his guitar .
Two females sitting at a table eating food .
A group of people stand in a line along a black fence .
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red .
A girl in a pink sweatshirt cutting cheese .
A woman pulls a happy girl on her sled during winter .
Many people stand by as a man cuts a piece of plywood at a construction site .
A medical team performs surgery in a field hospital .
The children enjoy something funny as they prepare to have their photo taken .
One man is outdoors performing with a large hoop while a large group of people watch .
A man in a yellow helmet riding his bike on a trail through the woods .
A person with scissors shapes a list to be placed in front of a bottle .
A group of children wearing medals around their necks are standing around a table filled with food , buffet style .
Old man fell asleep on a public place .
Two men wearing black shirts are cleaning up a yard beside a blue building .
A man putting his dishes away .
A woman in a tan coat stands near an awning that says " next to normal . "
Three on the street one lady pointing a camera , the man holding a shopping bag the other lady is standing on the pole looking at a list .
A woman standing on a high cliff on one leg looking over a river .
A woman checks her progress on the read-out of a treadmill at the gym .
A man in a black jacket playing the guitar .
Three children pull on a length of rope while adults and other children look on in the background .
In the autumn , two men run in opposite directions down a path that leads over a bridge and through the woods , while two others walking a dog are stopped on the bridge .
A large group of people are riding on top of a bus and hanging the side .
Four men working on a teal colored roof .
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter .
A man with a guitar sings .
A woman in white shorts is stretching outside in a park .
Several people including a woman in a red dress holding a child are in a street near dozens of pigeons .
A brown and white dog chews on a tire .
A group of friends exploring the city .
A woman with a coat and a purse on , halting and looking behind herself .
A man in a green shirt and his friends bowl on the grassy area outside of a restaurant .
An oriental man stands under a mailbox numbered 134 .
four soccer players play on the pavement .
A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence .
Bicycle road racers passing a group of cheering spectators .
A man with a red beard pushes a cart along a sidewalk .
Pall bearers at a catholic funeral .
A poor asian women working at a dam .
A wrestler in purple curls up in a ball while one in blue celebrates .
A gray-haired , shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavendar umbrella on the side of a street .
Man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch .
An older man and woman are holding a large statue in a white studio .
Three boys playing in some water .
Man on a bike doing a trick at a bike park wearing jeans and black t-shirt .
A golden dog is laying on its back in the grass .
The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake .
The matador is struck by a charging bull as he stabs it with his swords .
A man in a blue shirt and black pants walking to a store while talking on his phone .
Scraggly looking man in blue shirt smoked cigarette in public area with benches .
A busy outdoor park in europe .
A black and brown dog in a grassy , well-lit area with his mouth partially open .
Four people are sitting at a table , with microphones and bottles of water in front of them .
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field .
A man is doing a traditional dance in front of a painted Ukrainian backdrop .
A choir practicing in a church .
A young boy walks in the water along a wavy shore .
Two pudgy , middle-aged women stand in a parking lot next to an empty shopping cart .
The dog rests after playing catch .
A man is holding a dish of squid .
Black dog rolls head in grass .
A young girl is on a street near two orange cones wearing gold bracelets and a gold necklace along with a black and gold bra type top and her hair is up .
A man in jeans loading rocks into a wheelbarrow .
A man in white pants walking through an arbour of people who are facing each other connected by their hands .
A young boy holds a green shovel .
A group of soccer players run a lap .
People are riding motorized vertical scooters down the street .
A man is seen covering his face in a crowd of Police in riot gear .
A football player in a gold helmet and white uniform crashes into another player in a gold and blue uniform .
A person is skiing and doing a flip in the snow .
A girl wearing a yellow shirt playing with a busted pinata .
Man in blue shirt talking to woman behind a counter with stuffed animals hanging all around them .
Two children on one swing at a park with other children .
A white woman and a black woman converse in a hospital-like setting .
A woman doing dirty handwork on wood .
a woman folding laundry on the floor in front of a recliner .
A man in a black shirt grilling on his green lawn .
A man in a chef 's jacket is seated at a white table and writing in a book .
A boy fishes on the banks of a lake .
Man in dark suit stands at edge of train platform .
Worker men labor in the city while being watched by onlookers .
An Asian woman is walking through a crowd with two cups of coffee in each hand .
A youth rides a scooter on a sidewalk near a building .
Costumed girl playing with a hula-hoop in a crowd .
A child stands outside with a crowd of adults in white .
A football player sits on a counter as a type of official looks down at his knee .
A couple of men are juggling fire sticks and there is smoke billowing passed them .
Two police officers standing on a busy street corner .
A young girl and an older man sitting on a bench eating ice cream .
A man is resting his head on the table with his eyes closed .
A man in a knit cap stands next to a brick wall .
A woman and two men walking down a hill on a sandy beach .
The woman is walking her dogs .
A black dog is in the water with something orange in his mouth .
A young girl wearing a red hat and sweater smiles at the camera while holding a toy .
Man at the beach builds a face out of sand .
Five snowmobile riders all wearing helmets and goggles line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles ; they are all wearing black snow pants and from left to right they are wearing a black coat , white coat , red coat , blue coat , and black coat .
Woman wearing jeans and white shirt watches as her bowling ball rolls down the lane to the pins .
A male and female snowboarder pose for the camera in snow .
A red-haired girl poses in back of a car .
Young people practice some form of martial arts .
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed .
Two gentlemen in green scrubs are talking to a third man on the street in front of an eatery .
A boy in a white jersey is doing a jumping kick while another boy in a blue jersey is lying on the floor .
A young person brake dancing on the pavement .
construction workers fixing railroad track .
People are walking in a line through a field of grass and dirt .
A man in tractor is plowing rocks .
Two women with black hair stand in front of plywood .
A man wearing a red jacket over a black shirt smokes two cigarettes at once .
A man with a beverage sits near a woman holding a towel near her face .
A dog leaps over a man in a white cap to catch and orange Frisbee .
A crowd of people wearing their life jackets getting ready to white water raft .
Elderly woman paying for hair conditioner and shampoo .
A man wearing a gray shirt , blue jeans and a neon green safety vest is standing on a railroad track with a white truck and a white building in the background .
a young boy wearing sunglasses playing on the shore at the beach
A man wearing a green shirt and orange safety hat walking in front of a brush shredding machine .
A young child rides a bike on a rough dirt path .
Two men working on a car engine in a garage .
A man stands by an elevator with his head down .
A lady with long brown hair has her back turned toward us while holding her purse .
Two band members playing their brass instruments in front of some Christmas Pine Trees .
A surgery being performed by two surgeons who are operating being a pale blue sheet .
A little boy stands behind a white and blue boat on a brick street .
Man with dreadlocks twirling batons near boats .
A sports team getting off their bus .
The man in the yellow and gray jacket is taking a picture .
Two men sit under a red umbrella while three others stand nearby .
A woman in a white t-shirt and gold necklace cleaning a rail with a yellow towel .
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall .
A smiling man in a dark shirt is playing on a ' Guitar Hero ' controller .
A small blond child is playing with puzzle piece of varying color on the leg of someone else .
A white dog is running fast on a trail covered by snow .
Two woman kissing by a river in a city .
Someone on a motorcycle leaning into a turn .
Family gazes as newborn sleeps on the lap of the mother .
A lady painting on a public wall !
Three people ride off-road bikes through a field surrounded by trees .
A soccer team prepares for the day 's match under the gaze of the stadium spectators .
A group of Asians are marching down a street while others look on .
A bride applies lip balm .
Several people preparing for winter sporting activities such as snowboarding and skiing .
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse .
A female violinist in a black dress is performing .
A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .
A boy riding on a swing .
A woman is reading another woman 's palm at a blue table .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on a green surfboard .
Two men and a woman standing near a doorway .
A man in a white shirt stands next to a motorcycle .
Two dog play in the snow .
A crowd of people remember the Armenian genocide from 1915 to 1923 .
Gymnast # 046 making a heart with her arms .
Two boys are playing music by a body of water .
A young boy standing on a street watching the traffic
An ice skating couple performs in an arena .
A man holding plastic toys looks away while a man wearing a white hat smiles at the camera .
A man wearing a cap stands behind the counter of a shop where sausages and peperoni hang .
A young man and woman hug while wearing wigs .
Two young males watch another male skateboarding at a skate park .
A man in a uniform stands next to a girl with purple hair holding a cup .
On a sunny day this tattooed man removed is clothing at a detail shop .
A group of soldiers is standing together wearing all their gear .
People are rioting on the street .
A crowd of people listening to a speech .
Three people wearing white , while walking on stilts down a road outdoors .
Three older Asian women are sitting on the ground .
It 's time to jog for good exercise .
A man in a red coat is with the children on the ski slopes .
A woman on a horse , racing towards something with a logo for Skirvin Farms in the background .
The girl under the tree stuck her tongue out at the photographer in a playful manner .
Surrounded by cowboys perched on the metal fencing , a young man is nearly falling off the Angus bull in the bull-riding contest .
A man wearing black is riding a white horse with numerous rocks around him .
A young woman is wearing dress clothes , in a wooded area , and smiling .
Two women walking on an outdoor trail .
An older sibling and a baby in the living room .
People walking in a race on a cold day .
Two men exercise on the beach .
A man with white shorts and life jacket is waving to the camera while he is waterskiing .
People walking on a city street and a man holding a yellow flag .
Two people 's hands ; one of them is doing the other 's nails with an emery board .
Men are sitting on stairs as a woman walks by .
A windsurfer skims the water with his outstretched hand .
Two men are playing music and talking into a microphone , entertaining the crowd in front of them .
Lighthouse in a wooded area sits above tree 's .
A man is wearing a colorfully painted jacket while atop a bicycle .
A man in a gray shirt is holding a deck of cards .
A picture of people sitting at tables outside of a restaurant .
Two people are climbing down a steep , rocky trail , wedged between two mountains .
Two women with long hair and large-boned physiques are posing for a camera in front of trees .
A Hindu man napping on the floor .
man sitting down on a bench .
A man with a camera crouching on ice .
A man is throwing a water balloon at someone during a party .
a black dog swimming through a pool .
a small child is taking a nap on a mat and resting his head on a blue piece of clothing .
A person in a blue jacket walking down the street .
A brown dog running through tall grass .
A woman in an orange dress is dying yarn .
Two men painting with their supplies around them .
Man stands on distant cliff overlooking a green valley .
Two workers weld the bars of a fence near a busy suburban street .
A young French horn player rehearses with his orchestra .
A young child in red and black winter clothing stands near a stationary train .
A woman in a blue shirt with no bra .
People waiting at busy intersection at crosswalk .
A young girl holding a trophy sticks out her tongue .
Four males of varying ages carve out designs on large white slabs in a messy , open to air workshop .
Two people eating at a restaurant .
A costumed woman plays an instrument on a bench .
A stand sells souvenir items .
Three women and a man interacting on the street .
The silhouettes of three people wearing hats are in a boat on beige water under a beige horizon .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
A person in a purple jacket walking in the snow .
A sponsored cyclist in blue sits in the midst of a race , smile on his face as he goes through a field of green with a slightly cloudy sky in the background .
a man laying down on grass without socks or shoes , while his tie is covering his eyes .
A boy and two girls , all wearing brown shirts and blue jeans , are jumping in the air .
two men play instruments .
The little boy is taking a picture with the camera .
An elderly man at some political rally holding a sign thanking our troops .
a snowboarder jumping in the air with a person riding a ski lift in the background
A little boy wearing a red shirt , running .
A person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp .
A tattooed girl , with strands of blue hair , draws stem-like art on a wall .
A black dog and a white dog are outside playing with a pull toy .
People skate in an urban outdoor ice skating rink
A man lounges in his room without eating for days .
A picture of two workers next to a semi truck standing outside the fence of a refinery .
People on a street in front of the coliseum .
Three men play an electric guitar , a saxophone , and a trumpet on stage .
Two Asian women sitting on a street corner , while a white car passes by .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick over a jump nearby a bush and wooden building .
They blow their trumpets .
A woman holding an oversized guitar .
The blond girl is watching the boy run barefoot on the ground .
A guy with an interesting light blue hat sculpting ice .
A group of men in costume play music .
A man is riding his bicycle up in the air off of a ramp .
A dog in a harness pulling a pink carrier behind it on snow .
Two young men play electric guitars together .
A woman in a white dress is singing , a man in white dress is playing drums .
The boy in the red and white suit is on a skateboard .
Children rock climb as their mothers take a break .
One man is singing into a microphone and another musician is playing the guitar while standing next to each other .
Construction workers pouring cement .
Young couple sitting in a dark room .
An older man looks down happily .
A boy is waiting outside a window with bars .
A group of people walking on the sidewalk , while one man is looking for something .
A young person is playing ice hockey and wearing an ice hockey uniform .
A woman walking with a Sheltie through a competition obstacle course .
A man wearing a blue shirt and red hat riding on the back of a cart filled with hay and pulled by a white horse .
A bunch of men playing the trumpet and marching outside on the street .
There is a driver in back , soda bottles in front , and a blue barrel in the middle .
A man and a young boy wearing striped shirts walk on a dirt path along the water .
A man is helping a young girl rappel down the side of a large rock .
A woman and a younger girl , both wearing blue jackets and knit caps , slide down a hill on a snow sled , a dog running at their side .
The scene of an accident .
A young woman is sitting down on a group of chairs while posing a look .
Pedestrians walking down the street passing The Temple Bar .
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench while the woman is holding the man 's arm .
People going through sand dunes on the way to the beach .
A woman in a brown knee length skirt and a silk brown button up shirt is sitting on a stone bench at a art gallery fixing her skirt .
A lady holding a baby in a kitchen .
A man in a red shirt grills some meat along side a woman in a red shirt and tan coat holding a drinking bottle .
A motorcycle rider performs a trick .
A large man with a red shirt is using a shovel to attack another man with a gray top who is using the lid of a grill as a shield .
There is a cowboy in a rodeo trying to lasso a calf .
A person is standing by some stairs in colorful clothes and goggles .
The young boy holds tusks up to his face .
Artist spray painting in a gallery while wearing a white shirt .
3 men and a woman seated around a table .
A woman in a blue shirt and large glasses is walking .
Woman is playing with a young girl , by holding her upside down .
people playing , basketball ball in air
A girl is rowing in a lake .
A man in a black and white jersey is holding yellow ski poles and preparing to take off .
A person riding a bike outside wearing a helmet .
Woman weaves while young girl sits nearby with colorful weaving all around them .
A blond-haired woman is playing darts in a bar .
A man in a gray t-shirt and jeans smiles at the camera while sitting in a crowd at an outdoor event .
A man with a mohawk walking in-between two parked vehicles and into the street .
A little league game in action .
Asian man playing tennis in a competition .
A person points out to the lake with mountains in the background - while a boat floats out on the left .
A group of people walking between two buildings .
A child poses wearing glasses near water outside .
A pair of hands is shooting a black gun in the direction of trees .
There are two workers , one on a ladder , against a blue wall with a yellow-and-black stripe .
An old woman grabbing some vegetation on a stone stoop .
A girl in a Burka is learning vocabulary in a classroom .
A man is paddling a boat in the water .
A young man does a trick on his skateboard in a somewhat crowded park area .
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field .
A crowd watches a baseball game as a man makes it to the base while another man tries to get the ball .
People running a foot race make a right turn around the corner while onlookers line the sides of the street .
A young blond woman walks through a street with a black purse .
A woman in a cowboy outfit climbs over a wire fence with onlookers from a porch behind her .
A smiling child with an orange backpack is holding a bird house .
Several young adults drinking alcoholic beverages at a party .
At half past 11 , a train releases passengers to go on with their daily activities .
A man controls a large equipment board .
Man stacking wooden crates on top of each other .
Back shot of a short-haired woman sitting on a wooden dock dangling her feet .
Three Asian boys race each other
Several children working on some type of project in a classroom .
The older lady is walking with the help of a cane .
Five little girls posing in matching dance outfits .
A blond woman in a brown sweater is standing behind a counter with a display of seafood .
Three workers , with life vests and hard hats , on a boat hanging from cables over water .
A nice red and white car is being tended to at a racetrack .
A dog pauses in the bushes .
A lot of people walking outside a row of shops with an older man with his hands in his pocket is closer to the camera .
Two men in camouflage gear training a police dog .
The woman in the blue saree is laughing .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
Miners work by lantern 's light .
A person with a dark yellow baseball cap and a gray sweatshirt is in the air over an outdoor fountain in front of a cityscape .
A man is performing for a group in front of a white house .
Two young children eating a snack and playing in the grass .
A boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists .
A boy in a red shirt riding a skateboard quickly down the road .
A boy kicks a ball in his living room .
two men are skiing and the one on the right is laughing
An old man wearing a green bowtie and glasses looking toward the camera .
A black greyhound in white and green coming up on the rear of a white greyhound in yellow and black in a race .
A man trying to vacuum the floor , while his little girl is playing .
A group of six caucasian men are standing on scaffolding laughing , drinking water , and taking pictures .
A woman is looking at her camera , a man is eating , and another man is reading .
A young woman with red highlights in her hair is applying eyeshadow with a Q-tip in front of a mirror .
A Black woman on the street is talking on her cellphone .
Three girls smiling for the camera .
A woman with a pink jacket has her arms folded across her chest .
A man is rock climbing without a shirt
A girl in a pink tutu standing on her head .
a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall
A man and woman , both wearing orange , are scrubbing their hardwood floor .
People eat at tables in a large atrium .
A man in a suit is running across the street .
Several people holding mops standing around two yellow mop buckets .
A skateboarder casts a shadow jumping down stairs .
There is a fellow in this photo taking a practice swing on a golf course .
The girl is in a red jersey and pitching a softball at a game .
A young Caucasian child and another adult lady are playing with a house made out of Legos .
Two gray dogs and a black dog playing in a pond under an overpass .
The woman is pouring drinks .
A person wearing beige snow clothes is flying in the air on a snowboard .
A young competitor is bronc riding at a rodeo .
A woman in a mermaid costume stands on a city street , in front of a red telephone booth .
A woman traverses a wire bridge across a rocky canyon .
Two young women smiling in front of a christmas tree .
A person with goggles on swimming .
A man in a work suit fixing something on a track .
a man sitting on a chain stretched across the road .
An Irish dancer performs a solo .
A woman in a yellow top is standing with her hands on her hips .
A skier wearing white sunglasses is skiing down a snowy mountain very fast .
A woman in a black leather coat and high-heeled boots has her back to the camera .
A man is checking the meat he prepared on the grill .
A barefoot jogger in a park .
Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign .
Pedestrians walk across the street on a sunny day .
The man in the black and blue shirt appears to be alone in a crowd .
A young man sits with his elbows on his legs while he reads a book .
A little girl holding a frilly white dress out for the other little girl to examine .
A woman and a young child has fun while playing a board game .
An old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .
Ice skater stretching her legs before performing .
A track athlete is jumping a hurdle .
A man running in a race passes by spectators .
A happy young boy is holding a St. Patrick 's Day balloon .
Two boys play in a kitchen .
A old man wearing a red shirt driving a tractor with several cards in the background of a field .
A small black and white dog in a harness is looking at the camera
A man and a woman are holding each other in the green grass while smiling .
A man in green and blue stands next to a line and counts on his fingers while he addresses someone .
A man with a balloon hat makes balloon animals .
An elderly woman wearing a green coat and brown pants is standing on a sidewalk .
The girl is wearing a pink cowgirl hat and pink boots .
An oriental individual is wearing a decorative costume in black and blue with fur on the arms and adorned with metals .
A woman is walking past an artificial waterfall .
A group of people in the water wearing SCUBA gear .
Performers dressed as a princess , deer , table , and a hooded figure interact with each other .
A woman with big green glasses writing at a desk outside while looking confused .
A child in a white shirt and hat is climbing .
Little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train .
A construction worker drills a hole into the ground .
A couple takes in the view of a town square at sunset .
A person 's hands work on some sort of project .
A fireman with a burning building in the background .
A group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider , and a woman is walking by herself off to the right .
a young girl hugs a little boy .
Man sitting in a black chair smoking at a restaurant .
A woman lying on asphalt in the middle of a busy park .
a groundskeeper has collected a bucket full of sticks .
A man with black hair is wearing a red and yellow shirt and has a yellow clown nose and face makeup on .
Three guys walking across the intersection on a city street .
A man sits on a concrete ledge with his bicycle by his side while another man walks toward him holding the hand of a young girl and carrying a baby in a front pack .
Two women in head wraps .
Two women of Asian descent are eating food at a restaurant .
The front of a movie theater with people walking by .
A boy in a dirty shirt is walking through knee-high ocean water .
A woman wearing a scarf looks down .
A man is sitting next to a statue of another man sitting , looking very similar to each other
A limousine in front of a group of people on steps .
A dog in a field of colorful flowers .
Many people in heavy coats are helping to unload boxes out of a truck .
A man in a suit and jacket
A team of hockey players , with one player taking a shot .
There are three people standing in a store looking at a bird on the shoulder of the lady with a white shirt .
A child wearing pink boots is splashing in a puddle behind the red truck .
A lady in red glances at her map .
A girl at her desk answers the phone .
A dark-haired woman in a black outfit and black high heels is posing for a picture with cacti in the background .
An older gentleman in jeans is picking up items off the floor .
A dog runs across the street in front of the car
An older woman is walking on the street with assorted rags on .
A woman with a laundry basket in a portable cart takes a stroll .
An older man with a graying beard , possibly a homeless person , sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park .
A yellow dog runs through green grass .
African children playing a game of soccer , one boy is wearing white shirt and red shorts with a yellow strip is chasing the soccer ball .
A married couple getting their picture taken .
Two workmen , each wearing baseball caps , saw a piece of wood .
A woman is embracing a man holding the leash of a dog who is looking away from the couple .
A middle-aged man holds two boys hands as they cross a street .
a woman with a brown dog is talking to a toddler who is sat on the ground .
A young boy in a white jacket riding his bike on the patio .
Two gentleman standing outside a Smoothies & Bubble Tea vendor .
A black and brown dog trying to catch a blue ball .
A girl in a field with a yellow scarf .
A man in glasses and a white coat with the name tag " Jim " smiles .
A supermarket isle with a woman holding a list and a man looking off to the right .
Two men and one lady news anchors in front of a camera in a studio .
Several people are standing in a crowded urban environment .
A small group of people stand in front of store talking holding a " Prayer Booth " purple sign .
A man in an orange shirt looking at an orange object .
A boy stands overlooking a schoolyard where other children play .
three people are picking up trash in front of a restaurant .
A young woman is rock climbing with no rock climbing gear on .
People await the arrival of an elevated train in the cold winter .
An Asian woman , dressed in gold and green ceremonial garb , pointing in unison with similarly dressed people in what appears to be a choreographed routine .
A woman standing around amid other people who are all wearing green .
Three men climbing on each other wearing yellow and brown shirts .
There are many people with black hair heading through some doors and a few coming out .
Two young wrestlers stand face to face with a referee , who is holding the victorious wrestler 's arm in the air .
A group of grown men walking are walking down the street playing instruments .
The girls is jumping into the air on the beach .
A black and white dog is playing or fighting with a brown dog in grass .
Two beach volleyball players walk and talk together on the sand .
Two ethnic men are talking outside under a tree .
A bald mad smokes a cigarette beside a pillar adorned with a poster of a missing young woman .
A large group of people standing near a big fountain as it rains .
A man in a suit is walking with a woman in white pants under a umbrella , as a woman rides a bike holding an umbrella and adjusts her purse .
Two men in reflective clothing clean up around a garbage on a sidewalk .
A woman in a black dress is blowing giant bubbles in the street .
there is six adults in front of a little kitchen some eating and others walking around .
Many cars are parked on a street with tall buildings on each side and some people are walking by .
A plane flying sideways .
Two children playing in the surf .
A woman in a bright red dress is talking on the phone at the top of an escalator .
A man leaning on a yellow " Water for Sudan " tank .
There is a person standing a mountain that has some interesting shapes .
A toy lego set is featured in the foreground while a woman and child play with it in the background .
A girl with a black bag in a cramped position on a train
a man standing with a gray shirt and blue jeans standing at a watch repair booth
A group of people gathered for a meeting .
A man and kids , receiving things from a woman .
Two firemen discuss their job .
A street vendor is adjusting the grill on a bicycle-mounted brazier .
Brown dog pounces on toy .
A child is jumping down a water slide in a backyard .
A boy plays basketball .
A dachshund puppy jumps on a bed .
Three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .
A football team doing their stretches before the game starts .
A man is loading a box truck with lots of baked pretzels .
A woman is laying down looking at the water .
The dog owner attempts to retrieve the Frisbee from her pet .
A group of people are sitting in a basketball arena watching a team wearing blue and yellow jerseys warm up .
A group of people working in a UNICEF storage facility .
Four women are sitting against a home while a woman in a white skirt walks away .
Two teams of children , one green the other red , play each other in a game of Rugby while it rains .
There is a woman sitting on a very shiny surface with her head bent down slightly , and some people further down from her sitting on the same surface .
a cyclist
A soccer player is standing at the edge of a soccer field with a stadium full of spectators in the background .
Three football players in navy blue and yellow uniforms are running down a football field ; one is kicking a football as he runs .
A man in yellow standing between two waterfalls .
An Asian badminton player at the Olympics is sprawled on the court , face down with his racket at his side .
A shirtless man in a pink hat is standing on a rocky shore .
A motorcycle is stopped to wait for a man crossing the street with a guitar .
A blond man is looking at the camera while another man is cooking something in the background .
A group of Jewish people waving flags in order to celebrate their religion .
There are several beakers on a tables , while a man holds an instrument in one beaker and looks at it .
A group of men in different color attire are running a marathon .
sailor welcoming passengers onto boat .
A woman with black hair and a purple outfit is standing in a doorway with luggage .
A son chops wood with an axe .
A group of people sitting down to a meal in an old wooden building .
A surfer works his board in the pristine blue ocean .
A crowd walking by with several onlookers watching a street performer .
A man is looking at a TV screen in a restaurant .
Two people are siting on a black bench .
Group of gymnast look on as a girl in a red bodysuit completes a stunt .
The men 's rowing team in their green boat is practicing for their upcoming season .
A little girl in a sweater is laying down on a couch sleeping .
Two women , a little boy , and a baby .
A kid pulling a red push car toy on the grass .
A boat is towing a person in a bright green parachute .
A young woman reading an issue of people magazine .
A dark-haired bearded man in a white dress shirt and black sweater and a woman in a black and white dress in a small space .
Blond boy in a hoodie playing a musical instrument .
A group of teenage girls do a synchronized dance in Hanna Montana costumes .
A young boy runs towards a wall that 's been littered with graffiti .
A woman with a black shirt is looking at a carnival ride .
Bearded old man has discussion on trolley .
An overhead view of a guy rock climbing .
The boy is wearing a white baseball uniform and holding a baseball .
a brown and white dog swimming in water
A woman in a red bikini jumping to hit a ball while playing volleyball at a beach .
View past a microphone to an out-of-focus guitar player .
A group of people in black standing on a dock nearby a long structure .
A child is pretending to sleep in a swimming pool with her head resting on her hands .
A man , with both arms outstretched above him and one leg in the air , poses on a boardwalk as a woman runs by .
A women` s hand and arm with blue fingernail polish and a tattoo that reads no regrets .
A caucasian woman is sitting around a table with African men .
A child in red pants holding a metal basket next to another child in a blue jacket .
A woman in a black shirt eating a salad .
Two men in a room with yellow empty beds .
A lady in hanging off a red trolley , waving .
Man wearing a blue and white plaid shirt and a ball cap playing a piece of metal with a bow on the street for tips .
A group of people are visiting in a dark lit room .
A man in a blue shirt is dumping the contents of the wheelbarrow onto the ground , while two men look on .
Two people in colorful clothes are standing in a field , bent over to look at the ground .
A man glides on top of the water .
Two men on horses chase down a cow on a sunny day .
Three men are standing side by side beside a truck , all of them looking in different directions .
Three people are in a sailboat on the water .
Snowboarders sitting in the snow while skiers take the hill .
Two wet dogs run into the surf at sunset .
A group of people wearing coats .
Isuzu truck driving by while a man with some cows drive the opposite way .
A old man with a blue head piece on is hammering near a rock .
Two men smoking behind a railing .
A woman in a towel is relaxing in a sauna .
A little boy with a blue goggles and headset is wearing a black shirt with a number on it and a gray shorts .
A girl wearing a white and green soccer uniform heads the ball as a member of the opposing team runs next to her .
A man and a woman about to eat .
A very man on a motorcycle and 2 men on a cart are traveling down a dusty two lane road .
A crowd goes wild at a concert while confetti rains down .
A camera crew is filming an older gentlemen wearing a long gray coat .
Brunette woman in a pink tank top with sunglasses is laughing while holding a cup .
A young girl is sitting in front of an exhibit at an aquarium as a dolphin swims past .
A man in jeans , working with cables on a desk .
A woman is wearing blue shorts , a yellow blouse , and sunglasses .
a girl wearing pink shoes jumps off a swing in a park
A man with sunglasses resting on his forehead holds out his hand to another passenger on a train .
A group of men watch television .
A female researcher videotaping a specimen .
A man is in midair , skiing .
someone working in a restaurant that has dishes set out like a buffet .
A guy surfing in the ocean .
A man is joyfully holding an infant inside a church .
Asian man exercising on bank of a river .
A man , appearing Mexican or Peruvian , is astride a horse , smiling beneath his western hat .
Two people are sitting next to a wood-stacked campfire at night .
Two little kids are beating on a bongo drum .
A musical band wearing dark green jackets and black pants are marching down a street while playing their instruments .
Construction workers on a lunch break .
A girl holding a apple on a stick and a stuff Stitch character .
A man in a white shirt and black pants putting on gloves .
A group to tennis players preparing to play .
Two people washing dishes .
Large dog playing with smaller dog
A boy is standing in a boat , holding up a fish to the camera and smiling .
A man is working on his wooden boat .
People are walking in the street .
A group of skiers head up an incline in the snow .
A man in shorts standing on a chair making a hut .
A young girl eating a pink cake with white frosting .
A big , brown dog is sleeping next to a small black and white cat .
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .
A woman wearing a hooded sweatshirt and black pants with a ponytail playing tennis .
Football players playing in mud .
A group of men sitting and talking behind some green fruit .
A store is open at nighttime .
Young girl in pink and green bikini , swimming with a rubber ring .
A team of players dressed in white and green posing for a picture .
A couple standing outside a street
A group of people in a large room are gathering and preparing camping equipment .
A basketball game is being played inside a stadium
Patrons of various ages form a line at the entrance of The Magpie Cafe .
A man crashing into the water whilst waterskiing or hang diving .
This man is pulling some rocks out of a pit with a box attached to a rope .
A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
Man in a blue uniform kicking a yellow soccer ball with a nike sign on it .
A wildebeast trips in the field .
The street repair crew is getting ready to do to work .
A dog stands on its hind legs in a wooded area while another dog watches .
A motocross racer in green and a helmet racing in the dirt .
A female singer is performing on stage .
Two people in heavy clothes are walking up a gradual grassy incline .
Two men stand inside an enclosed area with multiple computers present .
A baker pulling out loaves of french bread .
A man in a yellow shirt is trying to perform a trick on a bicycle .
Little boy in a red jacket sliding in the snow .
A woman is walking and holding a plastic bag .
People are watching for traffic in front of a police car .
A Car speeding past 2 pedestrians near a Metal Pole .
A girl in an orange tank top is walking her bike through the forrest .
A man and woman sitting at a desk with some sort of packages laying everywhere .
A smiling girl in a red outfit and mittens .
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
A statue of grim bicycle riders .
A man with a bright green shirt is talking to a woman in a pink shirt .
A picture of five people at a bar with a closeup on the beer taps .
Kid riding skateboard down the stairs .
A man performing a trick on a skateboard at a graffiti covered skate park .
An array of firecrackers going off in the dark .
Three men stand on the deck of a blue painted ship , two wearing hard hats and one in scuba diving gear .
A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area .
Man helping little girl ride a scooter
a boy swims in the pool .
A woman wearing a scarf and reading a thin book reclines on a wooden structure .
A man in a suit stands in front of a video camera .
A man in a black t-shirt jogs as others go about their day .
group of people walking down the street greeting the crowd .
Asian man riding a scooter watches for traffic .
A person leaning on the side of a building in the sunlight .
A woman is showing a child how to use a sewing machine .
A little girl dressed in pink is falling in water while another girl dressed in red watches .
A man is asleep on the ground near two bank machines .
A group of little girls are reading off of papers together .
Three people looking at items that a street vendor is selling .
Several people are around the steps of a building performing many different activities while wearing white and black clothing .
A young blond boy in a yellow shirt is shoving chocolate cake into his mouth .
A man in a striped shirt tugging something away from a dog .
A tatooed person shakes their hair and beats a drum .
Two people walk outside in a nature area .
A red colored diner features dark red chairs .
Bike rider is looking at a accident of other sports bike rider .
A football player in a blue and yellow uniform is tackling another player in a white and gold uniform .
An adorable little boy in a long-sleeved t-shirt and baseball cap is enjoying playing in some leaves .
Multiple race cars seems to need tune ups , two yellow car one white and one black
A rolling pin flattening yellowed dough .
A man wearing a all black and playing a piano .
Two young girls in frilly white dresses stand outside a horse drawn carriage .
A group of people are crowded in the library .
A group of adults are walking up and down the stairs to a subway station .
An elderly man in a white shirt standing in a hallway .
A man in an orange shirt standing by a potted plant inside a building .
A man in a white shirt sits at a computer , looking at a photo .
A group of children are riding a children 's ride with a clown and a lot of ballons on it .
Several people practicing the sport of curling on an ice rink .
A woman is running downhill on a sidewalk .
Two little puppies chase each other on a stone wall .
Person in checked shirt riding unicycle while crowd watches .
A man is sitting at a table , working with a machine of some sort .
Two people sleep in an alleyway in the shadow of a brick building .
Two men are riding on a subway train and one is holding onto a strap .
A man wearing a red coat is skiing in the snow .
Two people playing with a Frisbee .
Three kids jumping in leaves .
A surfer is riding in the barrel of a wave .
A woman in a red tunic plays guitar in front of a microphone .
Several men standing in front of graffiti
Two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk .
Four girls sitting around a black plastic bag full of fabric .
Young adults dressed casually walk around in a field .
A trio of men performing music .
A woman is getting out or putting in food from her top cupboard in the kitchen .
a skiny dog jumping in the air with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A Father and son playing with a wooden train set on a city carpet .
The older lady and dark-haired girl are making crafts out of paper plates and toilet paper rolls .
A group of 5 people making different expressions .
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .
There is 3 children washing a truck .
A woman and a young girl watch a science exhibit with another exhibit in the background .
A police officer blocks off an area from spectators with yellow tape .
A band is performing on stage .
The goalie of an ice hockey team is being scored on as several members of his team watch .
Two people sitting on a rock in a city park .
A woman is sitting with a basket of cloth , surrounded by cloth .
Two men with black hair talking on a couch .
A young man looking at the sky through a personal telescope in the evening .
Two women look at a group of flat panel computer monitors .
Two men walk in front of stone work , while on the sidewalk .
Crying child standing beside a ride .
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball .
A man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on .
A black and white dog is walking up a bent tree .
A male tennis player that has just swung to hit a tennis ball .
A black poodle plays in the snow .
A group of people eats dinner together .
A dog jumps to catch a ball in a large field .
A little girl with a blue bow holding a plushie while picking her nose .
Two men race bicycles on the street .
An old man wearing a blue shirt sitting in a wheelchair by his oxygen tank .
A crowd of young people clap at a concert .
Two women , one looking down , the other drinking .
A group of people riding a bicycle down a street .
Eight men fighting in the street .
Three young people play a game in the park .
A man is doing a trick on his bike in a skatepark .
A man and a woman posing in front of a christmas tree .
A female tennis player wearing a white hat and blue shirt squats ready to hit the ball back to her opponent .
A goalie blocks the puck while holding a white hockey stick .
This gentleman is talking on the phone .
A man trying to go home on his bicycle after long day of entertainment in the city suburbs .
A Ohio State volleyball player is set up for and about to spike the ball .
Two men scrimmage in soccer , as a referee looks on .
A man is rowing a canoe with several people on board .
The man is looking at watermelons for sale outside of a bank .
Someone on a laptop looks at someone standing by a door .
A young girl with blond-hair and a green shirt plays jump rope .
Every day people traveling the streets while wearing unique clothing .
A woman in a black sweater is laying down with a cat .
A black car is about to cross Walgreens .
Two gentleman , one on a purple motorcycle one on a green one , racing around a tight right hand turn .
A baby in a dark blue shirt is in sitting in a walker playing with colorful toys .
A thin middle-aged man stands behind a podium in an empty banquet room .
A man and a woman sitting on a dock .
A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
A group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival .
Four people are riding horses on the beach .
A man escorting a woman down a hallway .
A little girl blowing kisses at a butterfly .
Men are chopping tree trunks .
One male snowboarder on a snowy mountain doing a flip upside down .
Musicians are performing on stage .
A man taking pictures in the shadows .
Man touches woman 's face while another man looks on .
A person is cracking an egg into a silver bowl using only one hand .
A group of men sit along a blue wall next to two bike carrying baskets of fruit .
A bike racer races down the pavement .
An overweight man in a white hat , white shirt , and black jeans is conversing with man in a black robe in a city while a little boy stares at them both .
A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on a ramp while a crowd watches nearby .
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods .
A man in black smokes a cigarette in a courtyard .
Two men on skateboards , and one has an orange helmet .
Men in black chasing man in white .
Two professional basketball players , trying to take control of the ball .
A bicyclist is doing a trick in midair .
A man in a black jacket is in front of a map .
Martial artists are sparring against one another .
Someone with a red had and red and white mittens standing in the snow overlooking a lake .
A woman in a green and red wrap dress stands with her hand on her heart next to another lady and a man .
Person in a brown sweatshirt , baggy blue jean and a backpack walking down the sidewalk .
A young boy swings a large stick as a crowd watches .
Confused person standing in the middle of the trolley tracks trying to figure out the signs .
These two men are going for the ball at a soccer match .
A male wearing headphones and standing in front of a microphone .
Sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose .
Older man with glasses wearing a car racing hat and jacket .
A group of soldiers in white hats .
Hockey players waiting to start playing the game .
A little boy landing with a splash on a very wet slip & slide .
Three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach .
A man is painting a message on a model 's arm during a photo shoot and a glass of wine is sitting on the floor .
A man sits at brightly colored green and blue booth with ads behind him on the street .
One man and three women pose for the camera .
A person jogging on a sidewalk .
a view of some large snowcapped mountains
children sitting on the grass and covered with a umbrella .
Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field .
A teenage male wearing red shorts and a gray tank top is standing on concrete and pointing to a brown basketball which has the words True Grip written on it .
A Musical rock band of three members perform on stage with a giant well lit W shape symbol in the background .
A reunion of boy scouts from all over the world .
A fluffy tan dog dropping a colourful toy .
a man is riding a bicycle that has been adjusted from its original style , by replacing many parts of the bike with odd parts .
Six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy , mountainous terrain .
Two men standing around talking by a city street .
The surfer in the wetsuit is riding a wave .
A man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .
A man remodeling his bathroom .
A man in a floral yellow shirt is playing the guitar with a Japanese man on stage .
A man with green pants sitting on a bench reading a publication .
People sitting on what looks like a train car with bar-covered windows that has some kind of Arabic writing above one window .
A woman in a pink shirt walks in front of a pink mural .
A race car speeds away while a man covers his ears .
A roadside produce stand covered with sheets and two men shopping .
Two elderly , asian men are walking about to cross a street .
A little girl jumped with her arms stretched out in front of her .
Bare-chested Asian laborer examining a conveyor belt motor .
A distressed couch sits in front of a graffiti-covered wall , while a woman looks and smiles .
A group of people are on stage encouraging a man in a black suit to dance .
A man with his surfboard stands in the sand .
A car with white smoke trailing behind it on a black topped surface .
A few children play outside on a structure made of rope .
A shoeless man sitting on the curb holding a bag .
A woman carrying a small black dog between her legs .
A flamethrower on a tall unicycle performs in front of an outdoor crowd .
A group of men dancing on the street , wearing green and white costume ; one man is in yellow .
two puppies playing with each other surrounded by a bunch of leaves
A small bird sits in a person 's hand and eats seeds .
An elderly women is walking in the street in the winter using a cane .
Just hanging out at club Saw and having a great time .
A little boy sitting on some rocks .
This man is sleeping in a boat .
A pitcher and catcher get ready to hug after striking out a ball player .
A man with glasses and a beard holding a baby .
Three friends at a cafe taking a photo-op .
A cyclist on his bicycle is wearing an orange and blue bodysuit advertising Rabobank .
A man is driving a Coca Cola truck .
Girls playing softball as one girl runs to a base and second girl reaches out her glove .
A small child in a tree .
A man is ladling gravy over a pan of food in a commercial kitchen .
A large black and white dog jumps up to get something held by a woman wearing a black jacket .
Two girls are conversing in front of some other people and a keyboard .
An Asian woman fixing her hair and makeup .
A teenage boy is jumping on an inflatable slide .
Performers performing a play .
A wolf-like dog herds a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm .
a young boy is bowling at a bowling alley .
A mountain landscape .
A wet dog on a leash is running through some water .
A woman in sunglasses sitting in front of a wall that is in two shades of blue .
A group of men are standing in a field with papers .
A man wearing a blue shirt , black apron , eyeglasses , and a mask is handling food in a tray .
A rotund man on a bench reading a magazine .
The four children are playing with a ball outside a building .
A man plays guitar in front of a large sign , with another man playing drums behind him .
A person does a handstand with a snowboard on a yellow ramp .
A man in a red jersey is riding his bike .
Children being directed by military men .
A girl looking away while holding a jacket .
Four men , dressed in white overall suits that prevent infection , are in a room with mechanical equipments and a ladder .
A woman and children navigate the balcony of an amusement ride .
A man holding a baby on his chest walks a child across a fallen tree .
A man walking down a street lined with palm trees .
A woman with silver pants and pink bellbottoms , and a pink scarf riding her bike by a fence , with buildings in the background .
Two soccer players , one wearing red and one wearing blue , playing soccer against each other .
a man and a lady drinking wine
A white man with a mustache is playing guitar .
A woman is walking with a red bag .
Two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a red and blue striped shirt , are flattening out pita bread and laying it in the sun to bake .
A group of musicians plays outdoors with an open guitar case in front of them .
A man is shaking hands with a mannequin .
A young girl sitting at an iced tea stand smiling .
Asian couple holding each other , and a Asian girl glaring out into space .
This red color bike is very nice , I would like to have one .
A young blond child wearing only a diaper sits on a large rock at the edge of a body of water while a large black dog stands in the water nearby .
A boy rides on a tire swing .
A man surrounded by others in a subway train .
People mingle at a carnival .
A boy standing next to a wall , while two men are bent over next to the street .
A man catches a bird from the partly cloudy sky with a long net .
Two children in winter clothes make a snowman .
A firefighter is putting wooden blocks under a crushed blue car .
A group of male and female bicyclists ride down a street on a sunny day .
A gray dog runs in a backyard terrace .
An elderly couple are talking to a street vendor .
Three men are playing rugby , one man is attempting to tackle the man on the opposite team who is holding the ball .
A dog on an obstacle platform and a man .
Two horses pull a carriage driven by a woman over snow covered ground .
A group of people are picking crops in a field outdoors .
Two women with their heads wrapped in cloth are checking out at the store .
A man in a white shirt reads while waiting to sell fruit .
The three men are playing basketball on a blacktop .
A woman is reading a magazine in a reception room .
A topless man smoking and tying a bag .
A lady with brown hair holding a tray .
An elderly man in a blue jack stands on a hiking path on a hillside amidst many very tall trees .
A man with a lolly pop in his mouth smiles .
A street scene featuring oncoming traffic , including cars and motorbikes .
The young boys are running in a race .
A male and a female are leaning against railing looking off with the ocean in the background
A basketball player is about to make a lay-up .
There is one person on a racing motorcycle and one person on the ground .
A football player kicking a football .
A man in a red shirt and jeans and a toddler on a rock near the water .
A black dog jumping .
A woman with a red umbrella , a woman with a yellow necklace and a female child cross a bridge .
A girl in a bikini walks along the beach with huge clouds and a sandy beach behind her .
A group of people wearing blue shirts , standing in the grass .
The man is giving a woman a piggyback ride through a park .
Two white , long-haired dogs playing in the ocean
A boy wearing a blue shirt is outdoors and is closely examining a found object with yellow tentacles pointing upwards .
A person wearing a blue backpack walks up a snow-covered hill .
The girl with the wide eyes has a marker hanging from her nose .
A woman holding her face while sitting down .
A short-haired woman speaks passionately to a group of younger women wearing traditional Indian dress .
A blond child is running on a sports field .
A thoughtful woman on a street corner , vending produce .
A girl dressed all in pink is jumping up in the air with her arms spread wide at a bowling alley .
Two young people running through a prairie towards a hill with houses on it .
A meaning is sitting on a stool and leaning toward a body of water while reaching into it with a pole or net .
A man riding his bike on a hill .
A boy in a school uniform is riding his scooter .
She is hitting the tennis ball over the line .
A soccer game is played in front of green , half-filled seats .
A shirtless man sitting in a green room at a desk .
A man and his dog watch the sunset from a bench .
Two ladies walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
A bunch of people are standing or sitting in a snow valley .
The rugby players play on a field .
An older gentleman reaching to the floor .
Male wearing brown shirt holding a microphone with an expression of singing .
Three people , including a woman holding a white umbrella and a man wearing a red baseball hat and red jacket , are standing in a plaza next to street in a city .
A man with construction hat on attached to harness .
Two young men help another man in a store back room .
A man with scarf on his head and white shirt cooking at an outside event .
Four friends have fun at the beach on a hot day .
two women on a stage dancing in period type costumes .
Children climbing and standing on a wooden bridge over water .
A tennis player dressed in white is hitting a tennis ball .
The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket .
The Rockettes perform in the street in front of Radio City Music Hall in New York City .
A beach vacation photo that shows from the restaurant down to the ocean .
A girl is filling a green , two-liter bottle with water in her garage .
There is a young man wearing a black shirt making jewelry by hand .
A mall security guard holds a vulture puppet on his arm .
A man with an umbrella sits on a bench in a public area .
A big gray dog wearing a chain collar has a smaller brown dog pinned down .
Two women wearing dresses are walking by a building .
A group of people are standing in the sand .
A dental assistant prepping an elderly man for his appointment .
Two teams play hockey while the audience watches .
A woman wearing a tan coat is getting out of a small red car .
A young man singing at a concert .
A woman holding signs advertising food
A woman is working as a bartender .
Two cats and an infant are sleeping on a bed .
A woman is crossing the south pacific poster .
A baseball hitter holding a bat falling down .
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another .
A man on a 4-wheeler is in midair in a dry dusty area .
A pensive looking man uses an electric razor to shave himself .
Younger man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts is moving a dry yard or field with a riding John Deere tractor mover .
Two scantily-costumed girls are walking along a city street .
Boy engaged in game of courage and daring .
A guy in a yellow parachute jumpsuit is standing between a row of packed parachutes .
While traveling on an religiously and ornately decorated bus , a man in a tan dress shirt looks at the photographer while the other passengers keep their eyes on the road .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is steering a boat that has several other people on it .
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor .
a man sells fruit .
a young man is holding himself up by rings
A young girl and baby boy are swimming underwater in a pool .
A boy in a shirt and tie jumps off a staircase .
young girl in floral dress walking down street
Four boys , one on a skateboard , one on a scooter , and two standing , are at a skate park on a ramp with a scary looking face graffiti on it .
A person and trainer jumping from an airplane .
five men playing in a soccer game
A man with glasses and black jacket stands as he sculpts a strange-shaped sculpture .
man sitting at a desk holding up a camera with the lens cover still on .
A little blond girl dressed like " Little Red Riding Hood " sitting on a fireplace .
A person drawing Chinese characters with his feet .
Two friends pose for a picture as one drinks a beer .
A woman standing on the beech in a bathing suit .
Construction workers walking through a construction zone , it looks to be raining .
A young girl with curly hair smiles as she swings on a swing set .
A snowboarder in focus in mid-jump with blurred mountain background .
A man examines eyepieces with another man and an amused child .
A Caucasian adult male is walking a small dog at sunset near a pier .
A bride is being helped into her white wedding dress by one of her bridesmaids , who is wearing a red dress .
four friends cheerfully jumping off the flight stairs .
Construction workers at a job site .
a man jumps spread eagle , touching his toes , wearing all black , in front of a landscape of mountains and buildings .
Little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree .
People are dancing in costumes .
Climbing to the top of the ski mountain to get a better view of the lake .
A man is singing into a microphone .
An older woman making food .
Soccer players from opposing teams fight each other to see who will get possession of the soccer ball that is in the air .
Picture of men on horses in the street .
Someone holing up a jacket .
A guy in an orange shirt , orange shoes and brown hat on an airborne skateboard .
Children in a classroom learning and being creative .
Three people posing for a picture at a messy table with the girl in the middle wearing a yellow shirt with a drawing of a woman on it .
A girl in pink picks flowers .
Asian people standing on a road beside a snowy mountain .
Two basketball teams are scrambling for the ball in play .
A woman is displaying a cloth of embroidery .
Two magicians trying to hurry up for a show in town .
Three people wearing blue working in an operating room .
A little boy jumps into a child 's pool in a backyard .
A little boy in orange pitching at a baseball game .
An adult playing checkers with a young blond-haired boy .
A man with a navy blue hat and plaid shirt delivers a file cabinet to a classroom
The lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust .
Mutltiple people are walking small dogs near a tent .
A male vendor trying to sell beautiful roses to a young woman on the street .
A group of dancers on stage .
A man holds a sign outside a hotel that reads " Ok Ok Ok , I need money for beer , pot and a hooker . "
Three men and one is checking his cellphone .
A man take photographs of a flowery field .
An older woman in a black dress is standing outside a doorway holding a loaf of bread
A man about to throw a bowling ball down a bowling lane .
Two white-skinned and one dark-skinned man are sitting side by side in jeans and black shirts .
A kid standing in the sand at the beach .
A blond-haired woman in an off-white coat is shooing birds off a table .
A woman is smiling and has her arms wrapped around a man wearing a gray sweater .
Two tan dogs play in the snow .
a person on a bicycle launching off a dirt ramp on a track .
A dog playing with its toy .
Racers from various countries run fast in a track competition .
Bird 's eye view of a city worker walking on the street .
A man lecturing a group of people in a medium sized room .
Group of people by a lake .
A woman is giving a presentation to a group of people sitting in chairs .
A man shines another man 's shoes on the sidewalk of a busy street full of cars and parked motorcycles .
Two women , one older and one younger , appear to be on board public transportation .
A man in blue running across the street and avoiding traffic .
A woman is sitting and making some food on a sidewalk .
A man on a bicycle is jumping over a sign that says " free dinner " .
Two African-American men are participating in boxing match in which one of the boxers is throwing a punch at his opponent .
Someone dressed in scuba gear has a body of water behind him .
A woman in a dress sits on a bench with her dog .
A person wearing a yellow helmet attempts to climb a rock .
Three men walk down an alley tying to avoid the rain .
Two boxers wearing protective gear are fighting , with onlookers watching .
Here is a woman sitting on a mat with some sort of contraption that resembles a silk spinner .
A hawk diving to catch a small animal .
Two men are riding on a white and blue motorcycle .
A young women and a man staring at each other .
2 men play basketball , Paul ( number 13 ) on the white team has possession of the ball with his back to us , as number 4 on the blue team plays defense against him .
A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating .
The young boy is examining a rock with his magnifying glass .
Two men laying red bricks to form a chimney .
A man having some fun in Harlem during one of the celebration holidays of Halloween .
a young girl wearing a pink tutu dancing with another young boy in the background .
A hockey player tries to make a goal while the goalie and another player look on .
A man looks at a carving of a head on display .
a man , a woman , and a younger girl are moving a device with a conveyor belt
A woman with long , red-hair dances , perched atop church pews .
Two teams are competing against each other on a field in a game of soccer .
A person wearing a mask is welding a metal object which is producing sparks .
A man riding a wave rider .
A doctor and is staff is operating on a patient .
An old man is smoking by sitting in the steps .
A woman on a bicycle stops for a moment to converse .
A female Chinese volleyball player looking into the crowd at the 2008 olympics .
A man in a blue shirt cooks hamburgers on a grill .
Horses pulling a bull away in a stadium .
A mother looks on her baby .
A man crawls through a playground plastic tube towards a little girl with red-hair .
A man is directing traffic in the rain .
A young blond girl is wearing a pink dress and a birthday hat .
The man is taking a picture of the beach .
People are walking down the sidewalk in the rain .
A construction worker walking across some train tracks .
A seated man shooting a rifle .
During karate practice , one student kicks through a wooden plank while another individual holds it at face-height .
An elderly man in a black shirt with glasses painting a picture of a building .
A rugby player about to get tackled .
A black and white dog holds a stick in his paw for chewing or playing .
A young woman in shorts and a tank top walks down a busy , modern city street .
Two men dressed in green are preparing food in a restaurant .
A woman in a crochet hat and sunglasses smiles while the man beside her in a plaid short and sunglasses looks behind her .
A woman with her black hair in a chignon is wearing a black dress and dancing with a man in a charcoal gray suit .
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth .
A man is playing a guitar and is sweaty .
Five people sitting on the beach watching the water .
The speckled dog runs through the marsh .
a blond woman walking down the sidewalk in a cheetah dress .
A bus in the intersection .
Two young boys are raking leaves on the side of a road with two older person watching in the forest filled background .
People boarding a blue , white , and gold train .
A man who is fishing from a boardwalk is casting his fishing pole over the railing .
three people in casual clothes walk in front of a gray building .
A male is standing in his kitchen in front of his stove is checking on his food he is trying to prepare using a wooden spoon .
Little boys site on the grass playing with a toy saw .
A young boy , wearing a helmet , in shorts and a t-shirt and a pair of binoculars around his neck is playing outside .
A man is sitting outside writing something on a pad of paper .
A woman sitting on a wall on a bright summer day .
A man rides a bucking horse in a rodeo .
A man wearing a yellow jacket is digging a hole while someone else approaches him .
Two men are looking at a floor that is being repaired .
An asian man is fishing in an arcade game .
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles .
Two shirtless Indian men in a park , next to a younger boy on a bike .
Four construction workers are working on metal beams .
A car with warn paint is parked in front of water .
Man having fun at a party .
A man in a white and blue striped shirt is running down a dirt road .
A security guard is talking with two snowboarders , behind him is an older man with a modified bicycle .
A little girl in a striped pastel shirt is eating rainbow sprinkled ice cream in a cone .
People are gathered around watching children with a pig .
A woman pulls a dog through a door .
An older lady with red shoes , pink scarf , gray hat , and holding a bag , carrying on a conversation with an older man with red pants , green coat , and a green hat .
People race to catch the metro at dusk .
A girl in blue jeans leans against a golden-yellow car .
A young man in a black t-shirt plays Croquet with an inflatable mallet .
A very happy looking young woman preparing a snack .
Two men are sitting on a bench in a room , and the man in the green shirt has his legs stretched out .
A boy in a red uniform plays hockey outside .
Two men , one holding a microphone , are talking while standing on a wood floor designed for an athletic event .
A group of cyclist begin their race across a bridge .
A man wearing a life jacket is in a small boat on a lake with a ferry in view .
A woman sits on a rock and poses for a picture while another woman takes a picture and another woman looks at the scenery .
A man dives towards the water .
A girl in a red sweater sitting in an archway .
People standing in front of a big wall with graffiti painted on it .
Man in an office setting jumps rope in business attire .
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow .
Boy , of age approximately 7 years old , down on one knee wearing rollerblades and a protective helmet .
A dark-haired person swims under green water .
A furry white dog is alone by the marina .
A woman pushes her baby in a stroller .
A woman leaning over the edge of a building .
A woman is sitting in the water .
A crowd of people watching a football game with a player wearing red and cheerleaders also wearing red .
Two men are playing soccer on a field .
A black dog and a tan dog sniff around an empty lot .
Two people in red shirts are sitting in a lifeguard lookout on the beach with a flag obscuring their faces .
A person sitting on a ledge with a letter in their hands .
Four young boys playing soccer and chasing a white and red soccer ball .
A child wearing a blue short-sleeve plaid shirt and brown cargo shorts is squeezing the face of a man wearing a gray hat , blue jeans , and a blue t-shirt .
People walking with umbrellas .
Boy swims underwater with orange mask on .
A skateboard rider riding his skateboard down the steps of a building .
A guy is putting on some jeans .
A black and a white man both older playing musical instruments in a park .
A man with a white hard hat with a black logo in the front of the hat holding part of a sign with numbers on it , while standing on a balcony .
Five scuba divers underwater with bubbles rising above them .
Ship crew and residents overlook a bridge on an Autumn day .
A black dog is running along the beach beside a brown dog in midair catching a stick in its mouth .
Young woman with headphones makes a large bubble .
Several hikers walking along a rocky path .
Beautiful couple dressed down in style enjoy a moment on a crowded city street .
A person with spiky hair looks to the left .
A little girl and a man dancing .
group of people enjoying dinner and wine
Two racing dogs run around a track .
Two boys playing on the slide in a playground .
People waving flags watch a game .
Three black dogs play in the grass .
A woman wearing a cap on a wintry street .
Two women standing in front of an open door , the older woman is helping to dress the younger one .
A small animal leaps behind a larger animal , the larger animal 's tail obscuring the smaller one 's face .
Black train and orange train almost collide .
A man wearing a pink shirt and white pants in mid jump playing a guitar .
Three children are jumping into the water under a palm tree .
Little girl with pigtails sliding down a green slide .
A woman wearing high heels and a blue dress talking on a cellphone in a subway .
Group of people picking pineapples to put on a conveyor .
A soccer player goes for the header to control the ball .
People eating outside at an eatery .
A large dog chases a small dog on the sand .
Woman wearing red and black looking at the camera .
Five teenagers sitting on concrete steps .
A woman in a red shirt with dark hair is sitting in a chair , smiling at a girl wearing a Hello Kitty t-shirt .
A woman is making a clay pot .
Guy 's with skateboards waiting for something .
A young boy runs through the water on a beach near trees .
Displaying a big smile and a thumbs up this man is holding up a carriage .
Some runners are finishing a race .
Construction workers in neon orange vest and hard hats discussing .
Man seated in a uniform that says " Polizes " on the shoulder looking out a window with a clipboard , some papers , and a computer in front of him .
A man sitting at a desk repairing an object .
Three people giving a presentation before a crowd .
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him .
Man with poultry on a table .
a man holding up his hands .
One construction worker hands another some sort of machinery while climbing a ladder .
A woman in a dark blue coat , cigarette in hand .
Black dog running into the water .
A black dog on a leash walking in water
A person reaches into the backseat of a truck while workers work behind .
A skateboarder soars above a ramp .
A woman laughing by a lake .
a young girl kicking a blue ball
Two men in uniforms playing basketball , struggle for the ball .
A young boy , wearing a blue helmet , is riding a bike on a sunny day and see two others also riding their bike .
A crowd of people stands around a game booth at some kind of fair .
a young person wearing a gray shirt and yellow shorts jumping into a river .
A dog in training to become a seeing-eye dog .
Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site .
Some kids play in a field .
People sitting at a bar .
A busy street with shoppers making their way home .
ConstructionBike engineers discussing plans for new building .
A toddler with a look of fear on his face is on playground equipment .
Men playing a game in red uniforms
A guy grinding a rail in a park on his bike
A skateboarder in a red shirt and baseball cap is headed down a paved hill .
Two men in blue shirts are talking to each other while 4 children walk past .
A young boy is playing with toy trains in a store .
a topless boy with long hair who is drenched in water , is flexing his muscles whilst smiling .
A woman is riding a bicycle towards a red light .
four people walk down a sidewalk at night
two woman smiling standing next to each other
A child with a blue shirt is crying on a beach .
Four men sitting and working on laptops .
A boy wearing board shorts falls backwards in the water .
A group of young people take shots in a Mexican setting .
A group of people gather in front of a red house .
white bird sitting in water spreading its wings
A child in orange pants is putting an ornament on a tree .
Two blond women sitting at an outside table having a drink .
players sitting in a stadium wearing red and black t-shirts sitting and listening to someone .
A kid jumping over a ditch in the forest .
People fill their plates with food in the buffet line .
Two people sit on a bench and watch a boat on the water .
A military branch prepare for their duties .
Two police officers on rollerblades , standing near a man in baggy clothing outside .
A litle girl stands on a rocky shore at looks out at the water .
A woman in a blue scrubs uniform and purple latex gloves looks into a microscope .
Several people are sitting outside eating in the city with Canadian flags flying .
A skateboarder is balancing on a wall while a group of other boys watch .
The word GIORGIO is spelled out in white letters in the outline of a blue star above a colorful establishment displaying stuffed animals and games , with two people standing at one of the games .
man throwing stick and dog watching
A little girl is sweeping outdoors .
Two young girls playing together .
Foreign military unit marching .
A young man in a fishing canoe .
Two men are rollerblading down a sidewalk .
A boy examining a gun with another boy and a man in the background .
Two glassblowers are crafting a bottle in a glass blowing studio .
A person in a salmon colored shirt takes a picture of something above them .
A man in a black shirt , holding up a paper full of math equations .
A young girl smiles next to an outdoor fireplace .
Two girls play in a swimming pool with a football .
Two dogs , one white and one black , play with each other in the sand .
A brown-haired man wearing glasses , a dark polo shirt and jeans sits in front of a piano while reading .
A girl laying down in a sauna with just a towel on looks relaxed .
A group of people in semi-formal clothing dance .
A welder on duty taking a break .
A red-haired person in a green shirt holds an ice cream cone up to the mouth of a man in a red shirt and yellow baseball cap , at the counter of an ice cream store .
A woman wearing a surgical mask is working with equipment .
Young women gather for a small party .
A man and woman are standing in a kitchen , the man is mixing something in a yellow bowl while looking back at the woman behind him who is looking directly at the camera .
Three men are looking at a wall very intently in a city .
A woman in a white T-shirt and a boy in a turquoise shirt are looking in the freezer section of a store .
A young male playing an electric bass guitar .
The dog does an obstacle course with his trainer .
A kid with a white hat and a blue towel around his neck is carrying a scuba mask .
A man with brown hair and a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
Kayacker riding rough current downstream .
man making hand signals in the air
A mother wearing glasses and smiling holding her child on her lap .
A guy wearing a hat and sunglasses on a boat in the middle of the ocean is holding up a fish .
A man intently looks at his guitar while playing it .
A person in a darth vader costume walks down a sidewalk .
A man is speaking into a microphone .
Doberman leaping through the water .
A man in a striped shirt and slacks is conducting a musical group in front of a stained glass window in what appears to be a church .
A man wearing a gray shirt and backpack eating an ice cream cone while a women in an orange shirt stands next to him .
A group of people doing a walk for charity .
A woman in an apron standing in front of shelves of bread in a bakery .
Woman with blue plaid shirt , blue print scarf and glasses , brushing butter on balls of pastry .
A man bundled up in a coat displaying with his arms a bunch of clothes .
A cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp .
A dog running with something in his mouth in the grass .
A brown and white dog and a black dog near water with a man on horseback in the background
Many people , all wearing helmets , are racing around a corner in a professional motorcycle race .
A crowd standing in groups on cement area across from parking lot and building in background .
A elderly man standing at the counter of an establishment .
Many people gathered inside talking to one another .
Three kids are bouncing on large rubber balls in a grass field as other people watch .
Five people are standing by a white boat .
The German shepherd dog is jumping up as it is being squirted with a jet of water .
Men at work , Firemen waiting for their next call to a fire , looking relaxed and anxious at the same time .
Man doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch .
Four children are standing to pose for a photo .
A woman dressed in red and wearing a cap is smiling .
Person in yellow T-shirt is sleeping .
Three girls wear straw hats and dance on a stage .
A man with green shoes is jumping to catch a frisbee .
Two men painting a colorful mural .
Two fashionable women walking down a street .
A silhouette of a lady looking down with long hair surrounded by yellow , blue , and orange bright lights .
There are seven people on a yellow and white boat .
Two people are looking at signs for food .
A man and a woman are crossing over a rope bridge with greenery all over them .
A blond male wearing a red collared shirt dries a silver SUV with folded towels .
The young man is performing a bicycle trick high in the air .
Aggressive actions are happening by the goal in this hockey game .
A woman decides which tasty snack to buy from a vending machine .
Two young ladies looking to their right .
Two people whose images are blurred on the street at night in a city .
A brown dog is running on grass .
A person is walking with a white bag .
Two collies are barking as they play on the edge of the ocean
A young Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike , as a young boy , with his bike down , looks up .
A group of children outside of a toy store loading off a bus .
man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground
A group of older women watch a little boy laugh as he gets squirted with water outside .
A man in a red shirt getting his haircut by another man .
A man throwing or retrieving a line thrown into the water at the dock of a large boat .
Men painting a bench in a park .
A man with a cellphone calling and two women are sitting on the beach
Man in wheelchair and two men pushing him greeted by monk .
A woman paints a picture with two of the same picture on the wall in front of her .
2 people sitting on the edge of a building .
Two black boys on the street pulling transportation carts .
A young man flips up a welders ' mask as a young girl looks on , a six-pack , barbecue , and chalk message in the background .
Two people are talking near a red phone booth while construction workers rest nearby .
Young people in yellow shirts prepare colorful food .
A man relaxing on the beach by rocks and waves .
An Asian teaches a lesson to the class .
Two men repairing a red bike .
Someone is wearing a large white dress in a crowd .
Football player jumping to catch the ball with an empty stand behind him .
A team of young women huddle together and grasp hands .
Several adults are filling their cups and a drink machine .
Two young boys are having fun and jumping from a swing set .
A woman with brown hair and red lipstick , who is taking a picture with a plane behind her .
A man hangs onto something as he is being pulled through the water .
A group of people walking with a large inflated Oscar the Grouch .
A man and a woman facing each other are sitting above a brick-lined canal just above a dark tunnel .
Man in red carries flowers as a dog follows .
Some men are finishing a race .
A woman in black leans over a multicolored bench while looking into a red bucket .
Many people walking on a street with a barricade and trash littered on street
And eerie photo depicting a female from behind as she walks through what looks like a narrow and poorly lit concrete tunnel with a rounded ceiling .
commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game .
A man parasails in the choppy water .
Two Asian men walking down a busy city street with McDonald 's cups in their hands
Four wearing black with red ribbons are dancing on a stage with bright lights .
There are many people sitting in a dimly lit room talking .
Friends having fun playing in the water geyser .
A young man wearing a bandanna on his head stands leaning on a short brick wall , with flowers behind him .
Man and woman leading two cows through a field to fertilize soil .
A young man shows his excitement at an outdoor event at night .
A girl with a striped shirt with bread in hands in front of mouth .
a girl painting pottery .
Two men on a balcony look up and point at something .
A group of people on a bicycle trip taking a break on a street corner .
Two woman are wearing dresses and standing next to each other .
A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted .
A man lays on the deck after a hard day of work .
A man climbing a cliff .
A man in a trench coat stands on walkway close to a pier with a boat that has landed .
A DJ in a club , adjusting levels on his mixing board .
a man and a woman are looking at a painting in a gallery .
A woman in black shirt and pants dancing .
Child carrying a bouquet of balloons .
Man and woman yell amidst snow .
A bunch of people sitting at tables in a dark room with a very large chandelier .
A woman is reading a magazine as she waits for the train .
An Asian woman poses on a bench with shopping bags .
Two dogs are running through the grass .
A man paints an artistic image on a metal garage-style door .
Two men are in a room , one is sitting and molding pottery from clay and the other standing and gesturing toward the seated man .
One young man with short orange hair is fiddling his thumbs and sitting down looking very bored .
A dog splashing in the water .
Three men standing with drinks in their hands having a conversation under an outdoor shelter , one man appears to be wearing a jewish cap .
Men with their backs to the viewer and wearing orange vests with " la cgt " written on them march together .
Three ladies enjoying a stroll on a cold , foggy day .
A man trying to ride a very mad bull on a beautiful Saturday afternoon .
A black dog running towards the camera .
Construction workers with safety vests and hats are doing repairs in a tunnel .
A redheaded woman with glasses looks at ice cream tubs through a glass freezer door .
A lone firefighter helps tame a large fire .
A group of people are running a race in cold weather .
A father and his daughter are throwing rocks into a creek .
the girls running at the road
Members of a fraternal organization in a graveyard
A man in a lavender shirt holds a young child in his lap while holding a Dog book in his hands .
A hiker is climbing over rocks to get closer to a waterfall in a rural area .
Two men with short hair walk through the interior of a building under construction .
A young man performs tricks on a snowboard .
A young man wearing a striped shirt and blue jeans is laying down on a basketball court .
An elderly woman wearing a flower printed apron with a pink colored shirt is cooking inside her kitchen .
Two girls in bikinis are playing ping-pong and a third watches from the side , by a red canoe .
A female is in a lab looking at a yellow liquid .
A man wearing an orange shirt and orange hard hat is working on something high above other buildings and a street below .
People wearing red shirts are standing in a large pool of water as it splashes over and around them .
The children are focused on the gray object .
An Asian women , with a burgundy scarf , moves through a misty city .
Blurry photo of man and woman .
Woman cupping water with hands over bathroom sink as child stands beside her .
Four children are standing around a blue and white barrel .
A surfer catching a green wave .
A woman in a purple shirt is running .
This short-haired man checks for cellphone service while hiking with his two female companions .
Four people in casual clothing are standing outside holding garbage bags .
A little boy in a Superman t-shirt is playing with a push toy , while the adults are standing and talking .
You have a little girl that is running towards whoever is taking the picture in a pink dress .
A server pouring orange juice in champagne glasses .
A toddler with medium length black hair is carrying a patterned bundle of cloth .
A woman in a short belted orange dress is walking down a sidewalk lined with yellow poles .
Five girls wearing school uniforms walk around on a flat rock near a lake as a man in the background sits on the shore .
A man wearing all white and sunglasses hugs a woman from behind .
People gathered to look at trains .
Two men , one in black and one in gray , are conducting a science experiment .
A man hooked up and ready to fly .
families trying to check on the board for the names of their loved ones who went missing after an earthquake .
A woman tennis player , dressed in blue , returning a tennis ball .
A little girl playing soccer .
A man holding out a pot of food .
A group of people , old and young , men and women , sit around a table doing arts and crafts .
The man with the light green shirt , orange backpack and white baseball cap looks down from the mountain into the lake .
A black man stares angrily on the street .
A group of people walk in the park , while some talk on phones .
The number 90 blue race car is sitting on the track .
A man with a bag looking through a window .
A guitar player , on stage , raises his arm and waves to the spectators .
The two boys play in the field .
A man holding several coats and three children stand in front of a large painting of a mountain landscape .
A tall black-haired woman wearing a tank top sings and strums on her guitar on a colorfully lighted stage .
Woman in a white shirt , long wet brown hair , beige vest , blue shirt , sitting on a wood chair , looking off to her right .
A young man dishing up food from a large pan .
Woman with a light blue umbrella and luggage sitting on the stone ground while people walk past .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing a huge wave .
A woman yells into a microphone while wearing a red jacket .
The back of a person looking at a body of water .
Two men standing by two large , green trucks outside of a Family Dollar store .
A man and a woman sit back-to-back on a bench outside a storefront .
A girl is sitting in a model tractor , posing for the camera .
A boy rides his skateboard across a pipe on a building .
Three women are walking on the sidewalk .
A woman with red-hair is wearing sunglasses .
Young boy sliding down a slide .
Two young girls on a playground .
A boy and a woman in Arab costume making peace signs .
Several men are walking down a street carrying a cross .
A vendor and customer discussing products and pricing at a mall kiosk .
Three guys , with a guitar , yelling .
A father and son watch a man welding on a statue .
A young girl wearing a blue helmet and flip-flops is sitting on a red four-wheeler .
A woman in a pink shirt standing in front of a yellow building .
A man and a woman , formally dressed , stand in front of a tall structure , both looking out at the ocean .
A man holding a camera on a beach .
street performer with striped shirt and red nose holding a glass globe .
Five people are standing under an Asian archway .
Two men in orange vests use a meter to test equipment and record the data .
A large group of people are hanging out on a large lawn .
Passersby are walking through a historic city .
Five children on a white-metal midair ride called the frog hopper .
The man in the t-shirt , with a gold chain around his neck , is in a room with three others people .
A female singer on stage with a tambourine with two men playing guitar and drums .
Three girls jump into the air with expressions of excitement .
A small boy in baseball attire swinging a bat .
Man with purple sweater at the top of a skateboard ramp .
A girl toddler sitting in her stroller rubs her eyes .
A couple just got married and are taking a picture with family
A man in a red jacket is standing by a bicycle and trailer in a city street .
Five kids are on a yellow ride at the amusement park .
A girl sings into a microphone while other girls watch her .
A boy wearing a black wetsuit stands on a crowded beach .
A man and a woman both wearing helmets and the woman is also wearing a mask .
A hockey goalie dressed in yellow and blue down on the ice .
Two people stand against a wall after a workout .
A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it .
A surfer is caching a wave .
A blond child riding a tire swing .
A person performs a yoga posture in shallow waters at sunset .
Man fly fishing in a small river with steam in the background .
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground .
A brown and white dog standing next to a smaller brown and white dog in front of a fence .
Two young women smiling and looking down .
A crowd of people in winter-gear is standing in front of a large royal structure .
A young man taking part in a pie eating contest .
Three woman dressed in colorful festive outfits perform a dance in an outdoor courtyard .
Black people are trying to fill out papers .
A kid laying on a dinosaur brushing its teeth .
An Asian tour group looks towards a site as their guide with a green flag faces towards them .
A man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside .
Students in a class are taking an exam .
A dog in some water enclosed by rocky ledge .
A young man high in the air performing a bicycle stunt .
A young man tends to his chainsaw .
A firefighter standing near a danger sign .
A man in jeans is using a yard work tool just above some pavement steps .
Oklahoma football player running after a Wisconsin player during a game .
A group of men do tricks on the beach , while a crowd looks on and takes pictures .
A man with a beard stands among other people in a room adjacent to a hall that has many crosses hanging on it 's wall .
A small girl with braids blowing bubbles .
A man waves to the camera from inside a greenhouse section of a farm products store .
Man in a blue suit dropping white balls .
A woman jumps high on a trampoline which is set in a yard with fields and mountains in the background .
A woman and a baby are watching a boy play .
A woman and a girl are playing together .
An operator in a gold hard hat and orange vest sits hunched over on a large piece of John Deere equipment .
Two white dogs swimming in the ocean .
A young woman in a tank top holding a tree in a rural , mountainous setting .
Two women , one of whom is using a laptop , sit at a table .
It is a photo of a young girl wearing pink pants and a jacket that 's pink , red , blue and white the little girl is on one knee sitting on some big rocks smiling posing for a picture with one hand holding a skinny but long stick behind her there is what looks like a wooded area .
A boxer lands a blow in his competitors side in the boxing ring as the crowd watches with attentiveness .
Here we have a guy using a pressure washer on the sidewalk .
A father and son are feeding the birds on a spring day .
A guy typing on a laptop computer .
A skateboarder jumping over a railing .
A man in a white shirt and glasses is playing the guitar and sitting next to a woman also dressed in white .
Older man with white hair and a red cap painting the golden gate bridge on the shore with the golden gate bridge in the distance .
Five boys playing outside in a fenced-in backyard .
A dog running in the sand .
Two hockey players are facing each other in a hockey rink .
A girl wearing a black dress trimmed in red and white is walking in an alley with a tool over her shoulder and a white plastic bag in her hand .
A man in blue tennis shorts and a white polo shirt braces to hit the tennis ball .
A man sitting on a chair on the sidewalk playing a musical instrument .
A male is mowing the grass with a lawn mower .
An airplane high in the sky with a man walking on the ground .
A man sleeping on the grass under a green blanket .
People are busy racing for a win .
Female rollerskaters are taking a break and having a conversation .
A lady slicing velveeta cheese , making a funny face .
A man walks down a hill away from a woman .
Kids lined up and surrounded by people .
A man with tattooed legs wields a shovel .
A woman is having a conversation on her cellphone while walking in town .
Small child is rollerskating while bicyclists ride around a track .
Four dogs happily running in snow .
A solitary guitar player with dreadlocks sings into a microphone on stage .
The boy in the blue shirt is swinging a baseball bat towards a ball as the boy in the red helmet waits to catch him out .
Two girls in green hoodies and sunglasses are standing outside a building with their hands in their pockets .
Two boys are playing flag football .
baseball player catches a ball with ease .
The Irish Setter is retrieving a flashlight from the pond .
A person on a bicycle pulls a cart full of sticks .
a boy wearing a red shirt on a skateboard jumps up some stairs
A man cutting a piece of raw meat in the kitchen .
The tribe making Large Pottery to sell to tourists .
A man in a blue shirt and khakis is playing a guitar .
Some people are driving motorcycles .
A man in a vest is bending down and writing .
A white woman wearing a white shirt sitting and looking at her plate of food .
A woman in a white hat and a white t-shirt with a red basket woven purse is talking to a woman in a green shirt and red hat .
One young man in yellow pants is dancing while a crowd of people watch him .
A person in a brown jacket is sitting on a pier by the water reading .
Two children and a woman working on a project .
A girl in a white shirt holds a towel over another girls face as she drinks from a cup in a crowded place .
A young boy wearing an orange Tigger sweatshirt is sitting in the woods on a fallen tree .
An older woman in an off-white blouse is sitting on a stone shelf with her purse in her lap .
A U.S. solider shows Iraqi police how to search a person .
A player hits the ball at a cricket game .
A woman sitting in the bus looking out the window .
A man wearing a flannel shirt picking oranges in a farmer 's market .
A man is looking into purchasing some fruit from a stand .
The children take a crack at rock climbing .
A mother and two children opening gifts on a Christmas morning .
A brown dog is swimming and splashing in the water .
Tennis player trying to reach the ball .
A brown and white dogs stands in front of a wooden building while tennis balls fly through the air .
The man in black shorts and a green shirt with the number 25 on the back is about to kick the soccer ball .
A man is standing on a subway leaning against a pole .
The pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball .
Two men sitting at a shared desk on their computers .
Two separate women , one wearing a white top and black pants , the other wearing all black and a pair of pink flip-flops , kneel on a gray brick sidewalk path in front of green and red bushes .
A boy in a brown jacket and a girl in a red jacket are sitting on some metal bars with a metal object between them .
Two tired-looking men relax on a couch near a wooden trestle table with a coffee cup on it .
Two women are waiting outside a building while a man in black carries a large bouquet of flowers somewhere .
A black man in a yellow cap tends some plants
A bunch of people on the beach at sunset .
A large group of people waiting at a train station .
A young man playing cricket on a field .
A woman in a red dress and black boots is playing a red cello .
Two people wearing life jackets while seated on a boat .
Young child playing in a ball pit .
Two surfers , one shirtless , ride a wave .
Three army soldiers are holding guns and peering around a corner of a building .
Two men in hard hats on the roof of a building that is under construction .
Two young girls in swimsuits and life jackets run down the beach towards some flying birds .
A man holds out a wire basket as he prepares to fill it .
Two young Asian girls , one of them wearing a red shirt with a white shirt underneath and the other wearing a long-sleeved white sweater , look up and smile at the person taking their photograph .
The vehicle is driving through mud surrounded by pine trees .
Four men making a presentation while approximately eight individuals listen .
A man wearing shorts holds a snake
Two girls one with black shirt and one with white sweater are sitting at a table working with clay sculptures .
the karate students are stretching before practice
A guy is getting ready to kick a football into the air .
A little boy in a swimming pool .
A man pours water on plants in a vast field of small plants .
Four young people stand in a circle conversing , while a man in white button-down shirt , coral colored pants and green hand bandage stands to the side .
A woman in a hijab reads from a piece of paper with the help of a microphone .
A man in uniform stands at an entrance .
Two people climb a set of stairs onto a bridge .
A small child and old man share a blue hammock .
Two dogs looks at each other while standing on the dirt .
Two young , dark-skinned girls are smiling and laughing .
The person in black T-shirt is sitting .
A boy dressed for Halloween
a boy in a purple shirt is playing with a toy ans another young boy in a blue shirt is watching him .
Women with bike and helmet wait for traffic .
Two performers performing in the middle of a group of people .
a snowboarder is up in the air having taken off from a big jump in a tournament .
Man uses sharp knife to cut small squares out of a soft material .
Three utility workers in orange uniforms and white helmets are working near a pole , with two of the workers are the ground and one climbing the pole .
Someone is pulling an inflatable boat with an oar in it .
A man lying on the ground as vehicles pass by on the road .
A group of women quilters are smiling , as a man in a red shirt and a woman in a white shirt hold up a quilt with the words " Peace Knits " quilted into it .
A group of people are walking in single file at an exhibit .
Carnival worked , wearing blue sweatpants and a black tank top smeared with chalk stands outside his tent .
A baseball pitcher prepares to pitch the ball to the batter .
Guy in black jacket looks on at the poultry section while shopping .
A woman in a black jacket reaches into her black purse at a vegetable market as a crowd walks behind her .
Several people are ordering food at a window .
A man selling food from his mexican food from his van .
An Asian man wearing thick white gloves , talking on a cellphone , and working on something .
A blond girl sits with her instrument looking off in the distance .
A woman sunbathes on a rooftop while reading a book .
Two shirtless young people playing in the water .
A woman painted on a wall and a man in the doorway in the same wall .
Person surfboards on a wave .
A group of people in green shirts are walking along a beach .
A man with a race number on his shirt running with a little girl in a stroller .
A performer wearing stilts , which are covered by her white pants , is walking in a parade .
A construction man looks over into the distance .
A group of men talk to one another in a bright office space .
A little boy is helping his grandmother mix up some food .
A brown-haired girl in a maroon top is holding several blue strips of paper .
Two people on motorbikes are riding past construction .
A surfer riding a wave on beautiful water .
A bride , groom , and their friends take a walk down a path .
Two homeless men are sitting on the sidewalk .
A man in a collared shirt and a woman in a dress shopping in a supermarket .
Two girls wrestle in the sand at the beach as a tan dog walks by .
a man in a striped shirt is sitting at a subway stop .
A boy climbing a tree .
A trio is singing and playing keyboard and guitar .
An African-American man gestures with one hand while speaking into a microphone .
A man with black hair has a yellow pencil behind his ear .
A man is playing drums in a band with a gray jacket on .
A boy in a swimsuit is playing in gushing water .
A young boy wearing a gray hat , dressed in mostly black , accept for his shoelaces , playing on his skateboard .
Female police officers wearing sunglasses .
A young asian boy enjoys his toy .
A very happy baby in a yellow shirt swinging on swing .
There are two kids dressed in their white karate suits , standing looking at something or someone .
Baby in brown jacket , crying and walking to a boy , by orange car .
A man standing with his work gloves on and hard hat in hand , looking attentive .
A defensive football player attempts tackling an offensive football player holding a football .
Young women and men on a stairwell talking with pictures of the United States behind them .
A kid crosscountry skis wearing the number " 93 " .
Men marching in a parade are dressed in mid-evil costumes .
A woman in fishnet stockings competes in a roller derby .
A female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table .
A child is sliding down a spiral slide on a playground .
A man smiles down from atop a totem pole on a sunny day .
A man is wearing a hat and a white shirt .
A man in a fedora looks surprised .
Young man on bike jumping over outdoor playground equipment .
A man dressed in black and a tie with a top hat stands in a crowded area as people pass by .
A man walking near a tree .
A lady in a sexy red dress walks in front of a crowd of men .
A couple of graduate students in white suits started something on fire .
A guy wearing a black and green , long-sleeved shirt is bowling with a green bowling ball .
A homeless women sleeps under a church .
Young children are playing in a pool .
A woman is falling through the air .
A train is full of packed full of passengers .
A family together at the beach enjoying themselves .
The man in the white shirt is listening to the man in the blue shirt .
A child swinging a multicolored banner .
A woman pushing a coffee cart through a plaza .
Two skydivers wearing blue and purple jumpsuits attempt to smile for the camera as they fall with the cloud and blue sky above them .
Two women share gossip while waiting for a bus .
A person kayaks in the middle of the ocean on a gray day .
Two young women posing and holding each other in closeup .
Woman in a robe type garb reading a book in what appears to be a public location .
The large brown dog is running through shallow water .
A woman with blond-hair and a black and gray striped sweater is on the street pointing at something with her blue umbrella .
A woman in a blue shirt reads a newspaper while riding on a train .
A man with a goatee in a black shirt and white latex gloves is using a tattoo gun to place a tattoo on someone 's back .
A band of cellos and violins playing in front of a crowd at The Market Gallery .
A girl in a pink shirt , and floral pants is showing her mother that she can do a handstand .
A race car drives along a track in the rain
Two men playing shoot a ball at the same time .
Bicyclist pull ahead of other racers with the crowd cheering wildly .
Four people wearing black leotards dancing on a beach .
A man in a green shirt is shaving with a straight razor .
A brunette woman in a multicolored floral outfit and a pearl necklace is talking while holding a wineglass .
Someone is looking out their window watching the mailman deliver their mail and drive on to the next house .
a man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette
Two women with head wrappings are walking in front of a decrepit building .
A colorful parade in honor of photos depicted on a board .
Scene from a life show with man singing in the center , there are two women one on each side of him .
Hundreds of dirt bikes squeeze between other vehicles on a crowded street .
A woman with a black jacket walks past an outdoor movie poster .
A cook displays the grilled meats available .
A man is pouring beer into a cup at an outdoor event .
People walking their dogs at a dog show being viewed by a large crowd at the American Kennel Club .
A man in a heavy jacket sitting on a park bench reading the newspaper .
A child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled .
A woman with dyed blond and brown hair has her arm around the man who is holding a cup .
A man walks an orange dog in front of a building with a rusted chain fence .
Two people in a subway train separated by a seat
Four men at a coffee kiosk on a city sidewalk .
A man belaying down a waterfall
The child is walking through straw .
A black dog running through water .
A sale outdoors goes on in nice weather .
A young girl wearing a heavy blue coat pauses to look at the ripples her foot has made in a puddle on a paved road .
The ladies are interacting with a baby and a puppy .
A woman in a leather jacket yawns as she walks beside a young boy down the sidewalk .
A woman is hurdling obstacles .
Hospital workers pose for a photo .
Three children in a field , looking up at the sky .
Two white dogs walk around in shallow water .
A Caucasian boy in yellow and African-American girl in purple are by orange lockers .
A person wearing a white shirt pushes shopping carts in front of a market selling fruit .
Some people working in a yard .
A kid in a red shirt is running by a blue house .
The black dog is jumping into the pool to catch a rubber chicken in its mouth .
A yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .
A woman with a knife and fork grimmaces .
Several people are working in the warm manufacturing facility .
A man walking in front of a building with graffiti on it .
A man , wearing yellow , is riding a bike in the woods .
People waving their flags .
An Amish woman is preparing a horse to pull her buggy .
A person doing a bicycle jump , a skyline in the background .
People weaving with leaves .
A group of people dancing in a club in front of a disk jockey .
A baby wrapped in blankets is tucked into a metal wagon .
Kids playing softball .
Boy skating across a metal rail .
People protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally .
Five young children are seated on a wooden staircase , surrounded by forest flora .
A girl in a red coat making a snow angel .
Commuters in a busy city wait for a train .
The back view of a young woman wading into the ocean carrying a blue surfboard .
Two young boys fetching water with a unicef pail .
Two men walking their bikes .
A man running down the street wearing running clothes and running shoes .
A large group of people gather on benches and on the park ground to take a break from the day .
A climber with a yellow backpack walks along the ridge of a snowy mountainside .
A man riding a his skates on a sunny day .
Three people put on a performance while floating on a channel .
Woman walking down street with high heels , black leggings , black coat and red purse .
An orange dog fetching a Frisbee in the snow .
Mother lifting her child onto a spin roll toy .
A man in a white shirt is on his cellphone by the gate .
Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field .
woman riding a carousel horse tricycle , at the beach .
Two young women looking to be under 25 in black wet t-shirts are holding hands as they walk in a public space full of people , with a large building in the back .
Obese women at public showers on sand .
a small dog chasing after a bucking cow
A young child is crying in the hands of an elderly male .
Two butchers are walking through their shop .
A tractor decorated as a float for a parade
A white dog jumps into natural water .
A woman buys a large amount of cat litter from a Walmart store .
A football player kneeling down in a field with a football in his hands .
Two women wearing jeans and a man wearing shorts walking up a gravel mountain road carrying backpacks .
A man holds wooden boards together as a young boy drives a nail into them .
A female jumping in front of a graffiti wall .
Pedestrians , parked cars , and a graffiti-covered wall in New York City 's Chinatown .
Several families stand next to a set of trees as they watch an event .
A piece of meat is being hung on a hook by a man .
A group of people are gathered in an office , talking .
A black dog is walking beside water in the woods .
A boy in purple wearing a seat belt .
An Asian man is dressed as an explorer is posing with a woman dressed up as a movie starlet .
A group fathers in folding chairs and drinks some beers in the backyard .
Teenagers enjoy skateboarding in a pedestrian area .
A man wearing blue jeans and blue shirt sitting on a windowing washing swing washing a window .
Little blond girl stepping on a blue surface outside .
People in colorful costumes and masks .
A man sits on a bicycle harnessed to a metal pole .
Two young boys are playing in the water .
People ride upside-down on a roller coaster .
A boy pushes another boy on a swing set .
The fellow with the chainsaw and brown coveralls is carving a statue with a chainsaw .
A man and girl are laughing together .
Two children playing in the grass .
Two workers in a wood shop cutting wood .
A young girl goes fishing in a lake .
two young boys running on a grassy field
A young man in blue jeans and an undershirt dances with a bare-midriffed young woman in a crowded nightclub .
Two men and a woman in shorts and t-shirts , carrying backpacks , pose next to a trail sign in the snow .
A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans up in the air holding a plywood in each hand in front of a building that has a word " stomp " .
Three women and a man pose together holding their drinks .
A mustached man wearing red plaid kilt , blue shirt , and a black vest is playing a bagpipe in front of a similarly dressed man holding a drum .
A man jogging by a mural painting of a city landscape .
A woman with black hair is riding a motorcycle on a street .
A man with a black hat and blue shirt on a beach .
A man in a cowboy hat rides a brown horse .
A young man , with his back to the camera , is standing with his bike near a wooden fence .
A woman with sandals and a gray shopping cart buying grocery 's .
A skateboarder leaps over stairs in a city .
A man is enjoying meal and drink inside a restaurant .
Man on four wheeler in the air .
A young boy rides in a wheelbarrow as a young girl holds the handles .
An individual rappelling down a cliff towards the water
A band playing for a small crowd .
old man pushing a cart in street .
Two ladies are reading through binders .
A man in orange is skiing down a snow-covered hill .
A woman weaving baskets made of grass .
Young girl carries a bouquet of flowers .
A woman with a black jacket and black purse walking downing the sidewalk while looking at her cellphone .
A man in a blue shirt is painting a tree outside .
A couple are blinded by the lights from a camera .
This is a bunch of people attending some sort of festival involving food .
A crowd is watching a group of sidewalk acrobats , in the foreground a man standing on his hat .
Soccer players are talking with each other while standing on a soccer field .
A man sits outside on the stone slabs and against a cement wall .
A person in a uniform riding a horse near water .
A dark-haired woman wearing a blue blouse and sunglasses holds a banner while a young girl with braided hair writes on the banner .
A person wearing glasses drinks out of a very small glass .
A person is on a small boat and going down some very strong water currents .
Several young people stand on a speeding motorboat with SCUBA gear .
A skier in a blue outfit is skiing down the hill with a red pack on his back .
A man in a green shirt is holding a protest sign .
A little girl playing in water on a frog sculpture .
A blond girl with dark sunglasses , white tank top , and blue jeans walks down a sidewalk .
A person wearing a white t-shirt and blue ball-cap sitting on a skateboard on a sidewalk in the mingling of shadows and sunlight .
A dog is running on snow with a snowball it its mouth .
The dog is sleeping on top of the bed covered by the blue sheet .
A group of people waits for their luggage in the Las Vegas airport .
A woman in blue resting on a bench in front of a huge religious mural
A black man is wearing a brown shirt and a necklace .
A woman spikes a volleyball as the opposing player tries to block the ball .
A boy sits facing backwards in a car while making a peace sign .
A brown and white dog has caught a yellow ball in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
Two guys walking on road .
A man in a gray jacket and blue jeans working on a net in front of a stone wall .
Two kids hugging each other .
Man with injured eye and woman holding child pose outside of building .
Two dogs chasing a ball .
A painting of a busy street by Oxford Circus Station .
A little girl is playing with tinker toys .
a little girl is walking on hopscotch .
A woman in a yellow shirt eating .
A little girl is trying to look in the viewer .
The lady is performing martial arts in front of a crowd .
Three people sit around a grill on fold-up metal chairs .
Many people are in a line of traffic and all are in jeeps .
Two young , white boys , are running from the beach into the ocean .
A shawled woman sits with others .
A man with mustache looks over a menu
A man wearing sunglasses sitting next to a table full of beverages .
It looks as though a woman is reading a book with her boyfriend .
lady helping clean a " dirty " floor
Two people are fishing in a pond
Three men playing football where one guy wearing a red uniform is holding the football , the second guy wearing a red uniform and the third guy wearing a white uniform .
A man on a bike throws up dirt during a motor cross event .
Person standing with a cart on wheels in front of a brick building .
The boy is playing on the shore of an ocean .
A man in a straw hat has a cart with a penguin on it .
Two older women sit at a table with two coolers in front of them .
A girl bounces .
A crowd gathers in front of a stand from which a man and two women sell food .
Football players are on the field .
Several people are standing in front of an organ .
An old man takes his grandson to the bathroom .
A brunette woman in a hat and a white shirt walking along a brick street on a sunny day .
Many young boys are pointing out in the distance .
Two young girls drive an ATV .
a woman and old ladies sitting on a bench
A man practicing kickboxing .
A man and woman are locked arms sitting down and all dressed up .
People wearing long black capes with red trim and pictures are putting on a show outside .
a man is kissing a woman .
A young woman in a floor length dress poses under an umbrella .
A table full of pictures in frames , at an outdoor market .
A woman with a red sleeveless top and a long black skirt holding one young child in her arm and holding another young child by the hand as she walks along .
A young hospitalized child decorates her medical apparatus for the holidays .
A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog .
A group of people mill around while a man in a fish costume descends a staircase .
A man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .
The large , dark colored dog is doing a climbing stunt outdoors , while a man watches .
A child in a light and dark green ensemble sits in a chair in front of a typewriter looking off-camera .
A young shirtless man with glasses shaving in a mirror .
A little child is looking towards someone while their head is in a painting designed like a bean .
A man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants .
Little boy wearing blue snoopy hat .
Oriental dance artist performing with bells and black and red fans .
An athlete pole vaults in a field with buildings in the background .
A family is taking part in a walk-a-thon .
An elderly couple walk hand in hand on a beautiful day together near a busy street .
An Asian man prepares his produce at his stand for the daily market .
A female soldier is sitting in what appears to be a classroom while she writes on a large piece of paper with a marker .
Two helmeted police officers on horseback turn back towards the direction of the camera .
A man with a hiking backpack on is standing in front of a lake with a forest in the background .
A man shaves as his girlfriend takes a picture .
A man sits on the stage giving technical assistance for a performance .
A man with a beer closes his eyes to smile .
A man with a red t-shirt is dancing .
A few people standing around five orange port-a-potties which are placed in the middle of a city .
A man wearing glasses with aluminum cans lined up in front of him .
A group of people walking by a fence .
A man carrying a baby walks next to a woman along the beach .
A man in a leather jacket holding a helmet at a crosswalk .
Three people riding horses in front of a small crowd .
Boy in swim trunks jumping on beach
All people are flying in the military plane
Two individuals are running down a street in some sort of running competition .
A little boy in a yellow shirt seems happy amongst a group of people .
An lady in a uniform is using a yellow mop bucket .
A crowd watches a woman with a sledgehammer next to a man with a cinder block on his stomach .
two people wearing masks , one green one purple .
A man smiling at the crowd .
A man in a blue shirt stands on a tall ladder and inspects wires .
An adult Asian male instructs a group of Asian children .
Three men sit on a ledge in front of a wall , one of them is smoking a cigarette .
A group of people stand on a street corner .
Gymnast in green and black supporting herself upside down with her arms in a split position on the parallel bar .
A large gathering of people .
A man , holding snorkeling equipment , jumps into the green water of the ocean .
The man throws the child into the water .
A football coach putting his arm on one of his player 's shoulder .
Several people gathered around a fish market .
A girl rides a yellow tube face down .
A male performing an act using string lines bending backwards with underwear on only .
A shirtless young boy on a bicycle too big for him being supported by 3 other young shirtless boys in a grass field .
A man in a baseball cap is creating a sculpture of a man .
A group of men and women eating and drinking .
A young man in a white shirt is laughing in the foreground while a woman in a black shirt stands in the background .
A man sitting on a bicycle .
A blond woman in a tied up tee and black pants sitting and pulling on an earlobe .
two field hockey players fight for the ball .
Two foreign men in a room , looking at the camera .
Several people jogging outside on a sunny day in what seems to be a neighborhood , could be part of a marathon .
There is a group of people standing around , looking like they are waiting for something .
A man in an orange jumpsuit is doing some construction work .
A spots team hugs after a play .
An old man and lady in a white uniform is standing next to a man in black playing an instrument .
A man wearing only blue jeans walks in front of a building .
The bicyclists are competing in a race through city streets .
A group of men hiking while two women are running up the hill .
A basketball team is taking a shot while three men attempt to get the rebound .
A monkey is walking across a wire .
The dog is running through deep snow .
Three people are near an airport window with their luggage
A climber is sillhouetted against the sky and rocks as he hangs by a rope from another rock .
Number 13 reaches out as he turns directions in an effort to deflect the anticipated path of the football during the game .
A young girl with hair ribbons yawning .
Children getting sprayed by water in a parking lot .
Three blokes digging in the desert .
A girl is dressed up and waiting by a brick wall .
Young children in silhouette play near water .
a girl skips over to the fence .
A girl is playing a virtual video game while her image is displayed behind her .
Several dogs running a race on a dirt track while wearing numbers .
A woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps .
A person skiing downhill .
Two children at a medieval picture with face cutouts .
A man sitting on a wall and looking at a body of water .
A young man popping a wheelie on his bicycle while riding down a country road .
A young Caucasian girl in a blue Toronto maple leafs jersey holding a hockey stick and hockey puck is on the ground .
Man in black suite speaking a podium .
Man standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep .
two men in white shirts standing under what appears to be a large black umbrella .
A woman in a blue sweater has headphones in her ears .
A woman running a marathon .
A couple of people on a motorbike that is filled with drinks .
Large brown dog jumping over a bush in a grassy area .
A heavily tattooed man with a soldier mask is about to hit another man in the face with his elbow during a wrestling match .
A uniformed competitor in motocross has crossed a jump in the course and is astride his motorcycle in midair , with several young men looking on .
A man in a uniform smiling and waving at the camera .
Two men and two women , in period costumes , performing a dance on state outdoors .
Person in blue stand by flowers in open air market while another person with a cane walks the path
A boy in swim trunks screams while being sprayed with water .
A young girl has her hands in a tub of water with leaves in it .
Two young men do cycle figures on ramp .
A man in checkered shorts stacks wooden crates .
A group of people looking at menus in a white restaurant .
A young guy is brushing his teeth with no shirt standing in front of a mirror wearing his goggles .
A girl having fun doing malabarism .
A guy in a robe sitting on the edge of a hot tub smiling .
The light colored dog is running through a field .
A boys jumps into the water upside down .
A large crowd of people jumps with their hands in the air on a green lawn .
One guy in a white shirt trying to stop another guy in a red shirt from throwing a Frisbee .
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water .
A black women with five black children around her and a white wall in the background .
A tired woman in a dress and tights sitting down and eating a snack .
Three dancers with swirling costumes perform .
A group of men and women gather around a conference table .
A group of men are standing around during a sports game in a park .
A man in a black bodysuit is helping another man with his blue harness .
Two soccer players from opposing teams leap into the air .
A boy contorts his face while holding an electronic device .
A young dark-haired woman crouches on the banks of a river while washing dishes .
This man is riding a bicycle with a coca-cola basket on the back down a dirt road .
A man wearing brown shorts and a tan shirt stands in the grass holding 2 nerf jousting toys watching his son crawl in the grass toward another nerf joust toy .
Several people are in a group with several men wear headgear .
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna running very fast .
a construction crew setting up a screen of some kind .
Three people are standing two are women playing instruments the women are dressed in robes with a stained glass window behind them .
A lady with dark hair is playing a harp .
two women wearing hats working in a restaurant
Three people , the one in the center has a bag , are crossing a busy street .
Two dogs running on grass .
Three young boys playing with the mud on a beach .
The basketball player in blue is running between two players in white .
Two men in a foreign country smiling , one standing and one sitting with his legs crossed .
woman in helmet showing three small children something in her hands , standing in front of a stone wall .
A woman with blond-hair is sitting in a chair .
A man plays his guitar in a park while people sit on benches .
A man in a gray jacket smiles at the camera as he walks down the damp city sidewalk , accompanied by a man with a gray plaid shirt and backpack .
Someone is lying down in the grass .
The performers are performing at a show for the Audience .
The performer is playing a drum .
A game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike .
A man in camouflage pants sits next to machinery .
A man is jumping into a screened-in outdoor pool .
A man wearing red overalls is standing in front of fish for sale .
A big dog catches a ball on his nose
A rider at a rodeo on a bucking bronco
a baby has some grass seeds in his mouth .
Three little girls are sitting on the grass .
A child in a blue jacket walking on a bench .
Cheerleaders in Falcons outfits are forming a pyramid .
An older woman in a white shirt holds a red bag behind some glass .
A group of people is near a big statue .
A fisherman using a cellphone on a boat .
A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair at the beach .
A yellow car is creating smoke by spinning its tires .
A man standing in front of a mirror while shaving his neck .
Biker with helmet riding a green dirt bike midair .
A kid climbing the rock on an adventure .
A group of musicians rehearsing .
Two children are sliding down a water slide on an inflatable raft .
A party tent , balloons , and people are in the background of a scene where a young girl is watching a young boy kicking his heels up in an outside paved area .
a dog chasing a Frisbee into the water
acrobat dancer is performing his act .
A child standing next to a large tree .
A mother naps on the beach next to her also-sleeping infant .
A young boy carefully shaving a gentlemen in a barber shop .
A woman is standing next to a microphone while a crowd gathers to watch .
Motorcycles dropping out from beneath them , two motocross competitors fly through the air with the greatest of ease .
A mother and her two kids being pushed in a taxi by a man .
A man and woman holding wooden polls and practicing martial arts moves in front of a crowd .
A boy jumps into water while another watches .
Three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , smoking and having a break .
Two people are carrying a large bag filled with a red substance down a ally as a figure in red walks behind them .
A view of a city sidewalk , with 4 passersby in the foreground .
A horse and dog look at each other in a field .
A woman in a white halter top and a man wearing a white shirt and holding blue cotton candy are both smiling .
The young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister 's request for water on the road .
A group of people wait outside an establishment .
Two monks in bright orange togas standing under a tree in front of a home with Tibetan statues on both sides of entrance .
A parking lot in the city with people walking through it .
Two fisherman on a boat on the water preparing for a long day of fishing .
A man with a rucksack , wearing shorts and sunglasses , waits to cross the road , while a young male with a bicycle looks at oncoming traffic .
Five people outside in the river working with their nets to catch fish .
A lady in a blue-green costume standing outside .
Two people are standing near a curb outside a store .
Blond little girl wearing novelty glasses .
Spectators and photographers paying attention to an event .
A man hugging a woman holding a " free hugs " sign .
Explorer inside a snow cave standing on clear blue ice .
A group of adults and children gather around to plant a baby tree .
A man standing on a ladder talking to another man who is hanging out of a window .
A blond woman shows what is on her computer screen .
A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a colorful picture , holding a newspaper and looking over his left shoulder .
A crowd of young people lounge and amble over a large green field against a background of sky and trees .
A woman is playing with a dog and a large rock on the beach .
A muscular man with a multicolored mohawk shows off his physique .
a white dog jumps in the snow .
Two females jump off of swings .
An olympic sand court being covered from the rain .
A woman in high heels is walking towards some a suitcase .
Three men work on restoring the front of building .
A construction worker stares down a flight of stairs being built .
A group of people are gathered near the water .
Three boys in suits and sashes and a girl in a dress in sash in a field .
A man clothed like a chef preparing a hamburger in a crowded outdoor area .
Little kid running into the ocean , with pigeons all around .
Four women 's hockey players scramble for a loose puck as it skips along the boards .
The girl plays a guitar while singing in a rural scene .
A brown dog is swimming through water with an orange ball in its mouth .
A kayaker goes through the waves holding his paddle .
A woman walking , smiling and holding a shopping bag .
Pack of sled dogs in the snow , one barking .
A baby wearing a blue shirt with a baseball on it is making a face like he 's about to sneeze .
Kids play soccer outside .
A group of people talking outside at night .
A beautiful white bird takes off in flight .
The lady is watching something she does not like .
A person rides a motorcycle on a racetrack .
A lady hanging up her clothing to dry .
Two men wearing aprons are standing next to pancakes .
Two men in winter clothes are cutting down a tree in a snowy neighborhood .
a young man wearing a blue shirt jumping off a swing set
Two men one in shorts and a button-up shirt , and the other in a blue collared shirt , talking .
AA woman in a stroller is walking outside pushing a child in a stroller .
Five people in bathing suit are sitting in lounge chairs on beach towels .
A man wearing a sweater , jeans , and a green beret crouches to operate a mechanical tool .
a woman making pottery sitting on the ground
A security officer and a man stand in front of a building .
A group of people who look to be of all descents playing with some form of fireworks .
A young couple sits and talks outside of a small restaurant .
two hot girls playing volleyball on the beach
A man drawing a picture of two women .
A man sitting on a blanket with his kid while eating a waffle with whip cream and fruit .
A man and a dog on the beach .
A puppy with no tail is held by its collar by its owner .
A blue-haired woman in a tight black dress raises a fist and holds a microphone to her mouth .
A man skis while wearing a parachute .
Protesters protest against poverty and war .
Nightclub dancer showing her moves .
A girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse .
A young boy in orange swimming trunks gets ready to jump off the diving board .
A group of children play in the muddy water near the woods .
An Asian bride , wearing a white wedding dress , is holding a bouquet of flowers while her bridesmaids are standing in the background .
Four people are sitting behind a table full of food .
Two bearded men and a woman .
The happy , newlywed couple takes a moment to laugh and celebrate before cutting their wedding cake .
Asian mother and child are looking at the aquarium tank .
A crowd in a stadium looks bored .
Young man playing darts in a curtained room .
A young girl wearing a blue t-shirt is sitting on a towel eating a snow cone with a spoon .
A couple kissing on an escalator .
Several parties of people are seated in a dining room , eating food .
Two children participate in the game of Hockey .
Kids out on a river touch the ends of their oars .
A group of people are running through a city .
A woman wearing a maroon hoodie is holding a black object as she wades through shallow water under a bridge .
Runners competing in a race .
Four construction workers are smiling , with two talking to each other as the others stare at the camera .
A water play table in which a game can be played .
A dog swims in water with a blue and green tennis ball in its mouth .
A man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop .
A man is outdoors chopping food on a table .
A woman in a red dress and blue shoes is helping up a man in a red shirt who is lying on the ground .
A man in an automobile holding a white and green plastic cup smiles at the camera .
A girl dressed in a pink sweatshirt and pink and white striped skirt plays in the waves at the beach .
A child decorates a shoe with colorful sticks .
Guy with a red beard wearing a green Miller beer hat .
Man is laying down on red lounge chair .
Two men are on a boat cleaning the water .
A baby laughing on the floor .
Many people attending a seminar .
A man wearing a black knit cap with a red and white striped headband with a flower on top .
Two guys joking around with each other .
Man in a cowboy hat and jeans stands in front of a wooden building .
There are three swimmers from the same team getting ready to compete .
A windsurfer speeds towards the beach .
A man walking down a street with Asian shops .
A boy is in midair doing a skateboard trick at a skate park while two women and a toddler walk behind him .
An african child carries an infant in swaddling cloth on her back .
A woman in a blue dress takes a moment to capture a photo of a male sculpture .
A man wearing tan pants and blue shirt is sitting on a sidewalk resting .
A man is holding a woman in a poofy dress up over his head .
A man is sewing clothes under an umbrella
A small black dog is in the grass .
A young man holding a white pipe against his mouth on a sidewalk with two girls sitting on the sidewalk .
People are shopping outside surrounded by a metal fence .
A person in black is coming out of a window of a tan and red building .
Four people are walking through a city .
A dog catches a ball in its mouth .
Four bicyclists in turquoise and striped tops are riding in a competition .
A man in a colorful yellow and green garment stretches out his right arm while standing near a plate of glass embedded into the ground .
A group of people sitting on concrete steps at a neighborhood basketball court .
Three women wearing coats walking down the street on a rainy day .
A few people standing on top of a mountain taking pictures .
Snowboarder wearing an orange jacket and carrying a sky-blue bag snowboards toward a previously traveled trail .
Two teammates observe where a soccer ball landed in a soccer game .
an old man is staring into a bright blue ocean
Two girls play softball , one slides into plate as other fails to catch ball .
These five people are seated on steps outdoors .
Two girls and a boy jumping into a pool .
A boy performs a stunt on rollerblades in front of small children on scooters .
A trail going through a mountain range .
Five people are wading and swimming at the edge of a river or lake .
An old man is holding up one dog while his other dog climbs on his lap .
two basketball teams playing a game on the court .
A large group of people sit outside wearing sweatshirts , blankets , and hats .
A girl in a bikini enjoys a Popsicle outdoors .
a group of people dancing on a beach in front of a truck
Man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
Two men clutch each other as they stumble backwards while looking up in front of a store .
A police officer standing next to a building looking toward the ground .
The kayaker is going through rapids .
Four people waiting for their train .
A male and female on a one seat bike ride along a tree lined road
A large structure has broken and is laying in a roadway .
A soccer player about to throw in the ball .
A girl wearing sunglasses is throwing a lemon into the air and trying to catch it .
Someone skateboarding down a wheelchair ramp in front of a tall yellow building .
A man is in shallow water with a horse at the beach while a nude boy crawls nearby .
A teenage boy gets a lot of air on his bike at a bike course .
A cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle .
toddlers playing with toys .
A foreign woman is sitting with a lot of colorful fabric .
Young girl sitting on bleachers .
A man running in a race .
The lead singer visited with his band members and had the guitarist sing along with the song .
A pleasant young man working at a jewelry store .
People sit in front of and walk by a building with large columns .
The dog rounds the curve coming out of the woods .
A woman with brown hair preparing food in a kitchen .
A group of adults eats something while seated on very small patio furniture .
A public transportation bus is stopped near a crosswalk .
A woman in sunglasses and a black dress holds her hand to her mouth .
A young man standing in a crowded area .
A girl is reading the magazine .
kid practicing karate move
A man shaves his neck but not his beard .
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving .
Two young boys play with a puzzle in a classroom .
A group of people is sharing a meal at a large table at a restaurant .
The man with the white pants and blue Nike shirt has a whistle around his neck .
A girl in a white and pink sweater is looking up through tree branches .
A man in black parasurfing in crisp , blue water .
The little girl sitting by the tree is looking away from the little boy kicking a soccer ball .
A man in a blue shirt is carrying a bag over his right shoulder .
People of Indian origin wash their brightly colored clothes in a communal place .
Two men that are not wearing shirts look down from ledges on the side of a gray structure .
Military couple enjoying dance at officers function .
A young woman with black hair and tall white boots is posing in a short dress with a white background .
The people are making hand gestures .
Construction workers deal with removing railroad tracks .
A group of people making paper lanterns .
Policemen riding horses while patrolling the streets .
The girl with braided hair is standing on the public street .
Two people are doing tricks with fire .
A girl trains her white dog with treats .
A little girl splashes in a pool of water .
There are two large dogs running about in a field .
A little boy aims a basketball at the hoop .
There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things .
Woman with dark hair sits on train .
A lady sitting on a chair with black hair on her cellphone .
A child is crouching on the edge of a curb looking at something in the distance .
A man wearing black staring at a tree .
Two boys are sitting on a pole next to a car , and one of them has a tray of bread sitting on his head .
A men 's tennis match on blue court , shows player perfectly catching and returning the ball .
A nurse in a blue shirt and a purple shirt talking .
Two people are sitting on the grass with the water just below them along with a waterfall .
A man practices his juggling in an empty amphitheater .
A woman with a cup and a yawning man are sitting in front of the Cigar Company shop .
Two teenagers are playing Nintendo Wii while other teens look on .
The partially obscured car is visible to the man in uniform .
Four men in uniform are rowing down a river with people watching on the shore .
Snowboarder in the air performing a stunt .
A woman prepares a plate of meat coming directly off of a grill while people talk in the background .
A boy in a yellow shirt hits a tennis ball against a wall .
A dark-haired man in jeans and a blue checkered shirt climbs a pole along side a yellow house and approaches a clay-tiled roof .
Man taking pictures of something .
A woman with blond curly hair and a midriff-baring shirt walks forward while flanked by other people .
Latino couple dancing at a gathering .
A man is playing a guitar , while someone else is sitting at a drum set , and there is a baby sitting on the floor next to a keyboard .
A guy and a girl are walking .
There are two young ladies jogging , by the ocean side .
Four men climbing a tree while passersby watch .
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk .
A young toddler experiences a pool from the safety of a yellow floating baby seat .
two young children with yellow backpacks walking down a sidewalk
a basketball player trying to keep the ball
Two men talking to an older lady ( one with a red hat and black shirt and the other with a brown jacket .
A female employee of a movie theater on a ladder placing letters to display the showing for that evening .
The man , who is wearing the handkerchief , is performing a task with the tub while the woman watches .
A man is sitting on a chair holding a large stuffed animal .
An adult is braiding the hair of a young schoolgirl who sitting in a wooden chair in front of a tent with a baby in her lap .
A man in a spotlight playing guitar with a pick in his mouth .
two small dogs playing with each other in the grass
Golden retriever puppy walking through snow .
A black and brown furry dog is running in the grass .
A man in an orange work suit performs maintenance .
Little girl swinging on swing , accompanied by a man .
A woman in an apron carries a styrofoam box of upside down ice cream cones .
The bulls are coming down the street with people to the right of them and a building behind them .
A girl in a bikini on a beach holding a flag with small waves in the background .
A man and a woman embrace outside while the man yawns .
A gymnast performing in a competition .
four people in a snow covered field with hacksaws .
A soldier climbs over a gate as two others look on .
A man wearing a long blue robe and black pants crouches beside two travel bags to play a black and gold studded stringed instrument on a cobblestone sidewalk .
A woman wearing a blue shirt opens a present , which is a green hat .
A city intersection lined with palm trees .
A tan dog walks ahead of a man in a dry area .
Two boys standing holding the ankle of one crossed leg .
A large white bird flies out of the water .
A man dressed as " Teen Wolf " hugs a woman made up like a vampire .
Two boys doing bike tricks off wooden ramps .
Young man in glasses , black bookbag , gray hoodie shirt and black pants , walking behind a female with a brown leather purse , floral skirt , leather boots , smiling broadly .
Two people are eating something strange , as evidenced by her laugh and his nose-holding .
A blond woman with glasses on talking on her pink cellphone .
A blue boat moves down a canal lined with red , orange and white homes .
A man drives a passenger in a yellow semi .
Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne .
Man in a black and red shirt sitting next to a man holding a blue Nike bag .
A small girl is brushing a goat
Young kids playing a game in a field .
A person is riding an ATV through the dirt .
In a park scene , one man is jumping over an object on a skateboard while another man kneels with a camera to take a photo of the jump .
A man walking down a sidewalk with 2 dogs on leashes .
Two men are holding a net while standing on the beach .
A man in jeans and long-sleeve green sweatshirt playing golf with a blond toddler .
girl sitting in fire for a show
A man is sitting at a bank of computers while wearing a headset .
A man is working the mechanism to fill a hot air balloon
A child is playing on a merry-go-round .
A brown dog is playing with a white fluffy stuffed animal .
A girl is about to kick a soccer ball in the grass .
The dog jumps to catch the Frisbee .
A woman standing on a red ball .
A man in a black shirt and gray hat gives the thumbs up to a crowd with one hand , while holding a microphone in the other .
A dark-haired woman is fixing a blond woman 's hair .
Two women eating soup in a restaurant .
Two men standing on a stage one is holding note cards the other a microphone .
Man in blue striped shirt standing next to girl wearing redhead scarf
A man in a white helmet is walking .
A woman sings to a group of people holding their hands up .
A girl glances away from her artwork , which consists of an angel with a disapproving face .
A bride and groom cutting the cake at their wedding .
A man holding a chainsaw .
The woman stands near a dangerously cracked window .
Skier in red jumping high in the air over the snow .
A young chef is adding ingredients to a stew .
The crowd is looking at the firetruck .
A young boy wearing a bathing suit and goggles plays on the sand at the beach .
An older woman smiles on as two pink-haired women talk .
A white man wearing jeans standing between cars of a train .
A man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart .
a cook selling his goods .
There is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about .
Someone sits with orange and black tights at an outdoor performance .
A girl standing in high heels .
A dog is almost all the way in the water and takes a drink .
A man strumming a violin to sheet music .
Two males and one female playing in a fountain of water .
Several performers dressed in white clothing and maroon hats are lined up facing each other .
People walking up a narrow set of wooden stairs .
Two girls jumping on a trampoline in a backyard .
5 men all in white shirts gathered around a red piece of machinery .
A blond dog is standing beside a blond puppy , who is trying to get a stuffed animal from the adult dog .
Three men in restaurant employee attire sitting on a cement bench .
A doctor wearing blue scrubs leans against a wall while watching others work on a patient .
A man about to put a golf ball on the course .
A young man with a shaved head and styled mohawk is standing in front of an old car .
Four men in Revolutionary War era costumes face a crowd .
Two females are playing tennis .
Two people on the bench are playing a board game while a man sitting on the floor plays guitar .
Some professional baseball players are warming up .
A rodeo rider is riding a bucking horse in an arena .
A referee wearing skates and a helmet is mopping the floor of what looks to be a basketball court .
A man sits in his chair to the right , drinking , as he watches people in red and white do an organized walk .
A blond woman in a blue low cut shirt is looking past the camera .
A young man in a blue striped shirt has fallen asleep in a chair with a book in his lap .
A child playing with a water bottle .
Four women wearing black ballet uniforms , smiling .
a little girl eating and cooking some sort of pizza .
A baby in silver pot sitting on stove top .
A young man sits on a chair with one shoe off .
A greyhound with a red shirt and blue muzzle on running a race .
two young men running along a track .
A man wearing dark clothing standing in front of a red brick building stands on a sidewalk with trash in the gutter .
Two males in black jackets have a conversation while walking down the street .
A woman with a white hat looks at several dark bottles .
A couple waiting at a crosswalk in a brightly lit city .
Two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks .
A group of friends play a game of Jenga .
Old man cleaning the sidewalk outside a shop .
Two brown dogs cavort together near a tree .
A team of soccer players all dressed in white and green two of these male players are looking at a phone smiling .
A young blond women smiling at something .
Number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches .
Older man running with the Olympic Torch while onlookers take pictures .
A white dog is leaping in the air with a green object in its mouth .
The young child looked up toward the white flowers .
A person standing in front of an aircrew monument .
Two men wearing sunglasses .
A man in black is juggling 3 flamed bottles .
Two women jog down the sidewalk in front of a gas station .
A child on the bungee ride at Brighton Pier .
A girl runs along a riverbank with two black dogs .
Giant plastic bears in a downtown area with candy inside .
An older man with glasses in a white coat overlooking medical or scientific equipment .
Two automobiles race each other and pour smoke from behind .
A tattoo artist wearing a hat at work .
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk .
A lone man sits in a boat in a cave with a group of people watching nearby .
A brown long-haired dog plays in the snow
i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture
A man and a woman are kissing in a crowded street .
A young boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer- he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air .
cheerleaders at a high school pep rally
Three boy do " Hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil . "
A greyhound running a race .
A man is reading a newspaper in front of a newspaper stand .
The lady has a black sling bag .
A group of Asian children are part of an audience sitting on blue benches .
A woman wearing a white blouse is waiting to cross a busy street .
A short elderly man with a red shirt and a cane stands at a pastry portion of a supermarket .
Multiple people running a marathon , runner 721 and 5132 are the leaders .
A line of six children in bathing suits prepare to leap into a swimming pool .
Men looking under the hood of a dragster .
A man in a long light blue gown is looking over a selection of oranges on a cart .
Two laborer men sitting outside a storefront waiting on customers to arrive .
A construction worker in a white hard hat and bright orange vest is washing a wall .
A man and a woman are posing for a photo beside a rack of clothes .
An animal with black fur splashing about in relatively deep water .
A man sitting in an office on a computer .
Two men are in mid jump and they are both wearing long-sleeve shirts .
a bmx rider jumps off a ramp .
A man drives a blue forklift trough a busy street .
A three wheeler bicycle that has a body and backseat that says Jouez la carta de frete ! on the road .
Women cycling past a small store .
Man wearing Gigolo shirt gets assistance at front desk .
Two women with long hair are walking on a sidewalk under an overpass .
An individual with a hat is holding some sort of fruit .
Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .
A young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear .
Two black and white dogs run through a field .
A man is inside a truck looking out with his left arm in front of a door .
A man in black shorts is stretching out his leg .
A young girl is lying on a rug , drawing with crayons .
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A man in a yellow coat , red tie , and clown nose is talking with another man on the street .
At a dinner table , a teenage boy is wearing a flower on his head .
A person in a green shirt jumping on a lawn near several other crowds of people .
Two men working on a construction project .
Several people congregate at an umbrella topped table just outside of a shop named DAHLAK .
A man holding a pick is speaking into a mic .
Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other .
An energetic boy , indoors , in glasses , orange-and-white shirt , maroon pants , and blue socks is caught mid-leap in the air , while a maternal female in the background stands watching .
A little blond boy and a young woman in jeans walk through a plaza .
A basketball player for North Carolina moves with the ball in hand .
A boy holds a fishing net .
An elderly man is smiling at the camera while working in a wood shop .
A group of children is outdoors looking at some photos that are on the ground .
two guys drinking beer outside on a bench .
A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach .
Girl in red shirt holding her necklace in a large crowd .
A dog is fetching a tennis ball in a patch of green grass .
A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony .
A guy on a bike in the forest .
A girl hops across the river , from rock to rock .
A group of people with painted faces is sitting around a round table while some musicians play in the background .
A mountain climber smiles for the camera as he ascends a steep cliff while the sun shines on him .
A woman sitting behind a counter at work is wearing a white lab coat , glasses , and gold jewelry as she reads leaflets that she is holding .
A young girl squishes her face in a smile for the camera .
Two men , one carrying random items and the other with a camera and tripod , walk along a sidewalk .
The little girl in the yellow dress and the pink boots strides down the sidewalk .
A man with a beard and a mustache is playing a banjo .
A large white bird goes across the water
A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman .
An aged man stands against a wall playing an accordion .
A rock band with a female vocalist performs in the street with a white van in the background .
A man on a scissor lift working .
A crowd of people browse various concession offerings .
A dog running in the surf .
A dog attacking a guy .
One construction worker talks on his cellphone while the other works on the ground by a black pipe .
A woman with camping gear is heating something up in the snow .
Two women wearing red skirts .
A baby with its eyes closed is holding a wooden toy and biting it .
A man and a woman sitting by the water .
A long-haired man sleeping on a couch
Five young people on the street , two sharing a bicycle .
A young girl with ponytails and a pink shirt rides a bike with training wheels
A girl is talking on the phone while sitting on a wall
A man surf fishes with a rod and reel .
A large group of people , along with a person in a rabbit costume , dancing in a fountain .
Three black people , two men and one woman , in the middle of a small , rural street , are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield , while two children and two other people are nearby .
Two small girls are looking at Barbies in a toy isle .
The child plays among the leaves in the autumn .
A man sits with his head down on a subway .
A band performs on a stage in front of wall-sized posters , including two guitarists , a singer , a drummer , and a keyboardist , while one attender takes a picture using a mobile camera from the far bottom left .
A large group of children are walking in a line .
While seated outdoors , a man wearing a harlequin shirt and jeans puts white makeup around his eyes .
A baseball player throwing a pitch .
A woman walking on a sidewalk with a metal piece of her bag creating a glare .
A group of people are standing in front of a large group of children sitting on the floor .
A man and woman wearing Mickey Mouse ears stand in a crowd .
People are reading magazines inside a room .
Little baby with whisk , is covered with cookie batter and waving the whisk around .
Two young girls playing with rubber swords in a park while a chaperone watches .
Hundreds of people are watching a soccer game between a team wearing green jerseys and a team wearing blue jerseys .
There is a brown and white dog jumping off of a seesaw .
A group of people wearing red shirts are sitting on a stone bench .
Two men drinking beer in front of a fence .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
A man in a black shirt and jeans and wearing glasses serving food to a kid wearing an orange shirt .
This woman is sitting in a lawnchair on the sand .
A woman sits next to a bucket of collected clams .
Lots of people near a carnival .
Two woman competiting in a mock sumo wrestler competiton .
A street vendor selling his art .
A young girl smiles in a field .
A small brown dog jumps and catches a tennis ball
a brown and white dog looking into a pool at a tennis ball .
A woman takes a picture of a man on the edge of a cliff .
Two men walking down a road in a tropical area with a tamed elephant .
Little girl looking through a camera .
A group of cheerleaders in black and orange outfits are cheering .
A group of people sit on and in front of a graffiti covered wall .
A man in a black vest playing the drums .
A newspaper sculpture is in the middle of a crowded walkway .
An man wearing headphones observes an older man performing his guitar on a public street bench .
This woman is skiing down a snowy hill .
People walk past a man clad in a robe .
A guy with long hair and a wineglasses standing near two other men .
woman and little girl wearing red in Asian area
A man in an umbrella hat sits near a palm tree behind a group of shoppers .
Two boys , one black and one white , standing arm in arm .
A young group of black belt boys standing in a straight line .
A woman in a green coat walked in the shadows of the city .
College students enjoy time out of class in a field .
several people are lounging around statued fountain .
A family walks through a gravel field under high built wooden structures .
Numerous people are walking down the streets in front of a large , green statue .
Surfer coasts over some small waves , models for camera .
a man gives a fish to a boy .
A man in red climbs a rock in a field of snow , cliffs , and fallen boulders .
A young boy is shoveling snow so deep it comes up to his knees .
A couple sit on a patio overlooking the ocean .
A woman wearing a colorful costume looks at the camera .
A boy and his brother are playing with sticks and swords .
A woman with a stroller shops for colorful balls on a busy sidewalk .
three people standing on the side of a snowy grassy hill
A young man sitting down , smoking a cigarette near a fence .
Some people near a church , a nun is walking by .
Two men are in a speeding boat in the water , with land and sailboats in the background .
Two individuals are working with wood boards .
a young girl posing with another woman each smiling .
Two women walk around a laundry mat while a man sits at a desk and eats .
This picture shows a blond-haired boy and brown-haired boy smiling while swinging on a tire swing .
A rock band composed of 3 musicians playing at a concert with stunning visual light displays .
A girl , dressed in a soccer uniform , is getting ready to kick a green soccer ball .
A brown dog is running through a wooded area .
A smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio .
A white dog in a creek .
A group of people are standing on a street corner .
Nine young people wearing black perform a play in front of an audience .
A demonstration in the middle of a crowded airport .
A black dog walks through a rocky , grassy landscape under a blue , cloudy sky .
Man offers a food sample to passerby .
A man doing a back flip off a box
A little boy is playing with a hula hoop .
An older gentleman wearing a beret sitting on the bench holding a leash and waiting for his dog .
A man in a yellow and red shirt is operating machinery .
An inline skater in red pants and blue shirt skates between green cones .
A young girl holding her barbie doll .
A man wearing blue is biking on a long , empty , road with grass on either side .
A man in glasses playing an acoustic guitar .
Three football players wearing red jerseys are on the field .
A man in a green hat is walking by a concrete wall .
A teacher stands in front of a projector and a student at the front of the class has her hand raised .
Three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .
Three roommates are doing yoga in the living room .
A very young female is sitting and looking at a book she is about to open .
A young man wearing a red t-shirt and black pants performs a front wheel stand on a bicycle .
People in pirate outfits are playing in a band .
A man covering a mailbox with a black trash bag .
A football player is catching the football .
A young guitarist with red-hair and a drummer with long dark hair play in an urban area in front of a Zune advertisement .
Competitive bikers in an inside race cross a line with one biker in blue and white raising his arm .
The little boy in red is getting drenched with water .
Man in blue and white uniform shooting basketball being blocked by man in white and red .
Two men wearing are standing over a sewer access point while wearing safety hat , ear protection and vests .
this person is about to put paper into a copy machine
Bearded man wearing socks with sandals sitting on a bench .
Three white puppies are being washed in a bathtub with handheld shower .
A fat man and woman are crossing the road .
A toddler in a white sports shorts set jumping on a bed
A skier makes the only path on an empty mountain .
A man camping in the woods in the snow .
Two dogs playing by the shore .
A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head
These young ladies with one little girl are at a flea market purchasing items , while others are walking and looking around .
A man in rubber boots examines something on the ground .
A cyclist is performing tricks on a bicycle while others watch .
A lean dog runs through a wooded area .
Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands .
Elderly woman in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a sidewalk while talking to a woman dressed in black .
A woman in a city is surprised at what she sees .
A lady in winter wear carrying a purse walks down the sidewalk .
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .
A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water .
A group of eight dancer both male and female dressed in casual shirts and pants are seen jumping in midair .
A young man is in practice .
A group of four people wearing navy blue staff shirts are standing outside while three of them are having a drink .
People walking in a beautiful golden cathedral .
A group of people posing for a picture with the sun behind them .
A man with a bright yellow jacket is riding a motorcycle labeled " police . "
Three drummers are standing in front of abstractly shaped wood drums .
Runners in a race run down a busy street
Reporter is taking interview from a red race car driver .
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon .
Boy in gray sweater outside with leaves .
A man is showcasing various types of seafood on a stick , including starfish .
Three men stand in an art gallery , two of them point at objects unseen .
A bald man tucks his shirt into his pants .
A large crowd of people are jogging outside in the street .
A woman in sweater is touching a sheep .
All are dancing with full energy to the music sung by the singer .
The dog is jumping in the air .
Man in a cycling uniform riding with people behind him .
A redhead wearing a red shirt climbs on tree branches .
A little girl wearing pink is running along a beach towards the water .
During a race , a young woman with red shorts is running in front of two other people .
Children play basketball on a court .
The police in the neon jackets stood guard against the large crowd .
A group of people are working on an unfinished wooden shed .
The dog has red straps in its back .
a man is performing an aerial jump on a bicycle in front of a mountain covered with pine trees .
three soldiers in fatigues sitting at a table talking .
A girl in a butterfly dress waves to the camera while riding along in a parade .
Young blond woman with red beads , gray sweatshirt marked GONTAGA .
A golden colored dug prances in the grass .
A man dressed in a black racing suit drives a go-cart .
A man in a brown coat is looking at a product in a grocery store .
A man and three boys working in the fields with their bulls and cows .
A man in a gray and black sweater is sitting on a stool in front of a group of cages .
A man drives a vintage race car around the track .
Two Canadian martial artists perform in front of a crowd .
The boy jumps into the water off of a dock .
A little boy kicking in the style of martial arts .
A woman is running and looking behind her shoulder .
Two large rows of people of various races and ethnicities sit with bowls in front of them on a large tarp .
A man with a blue hat and a cane is sitting on a curb .
A man in a shiney yellow shirt stands in front of a microphone .
A group of women with children are farming the fields .
A deep sea diver explores wreckage .
A white dog drinks water on a mountainside .
A group of young women , one up in the air .
People riding bikes and walking are on a sidewalk lined with Chinese businesses .
Scantily clad woman in black waits in a restaurant with other patrons .
Construction work on a street corner .
Someone is trying to take a picture at a convention .
A man stands upon a large cart-load of hay while two horses drawing the cart snack on a pile of hay before them .
A man in a black shirt , blue jeans and blue hat sleeping in a chair on the street .
A bunch of children sitting in chairs and standing on wooden floors .
Dog runs after two geese in field
A man is making pretzels .
A man with glasses is standing in front of a building .
A man plays guitar on a stage while another woman smiles
This boy in the striped shirt is putting a strainer on top of his head .
A group of men paddle an open boat in a waterway with other boats .
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
A black dog rolling in the green grass .
a man wearing blue and riding a blue bike jumping in midair
a large group of football players about to start a game with a large group watching
The woman is wearing a flower printed shirt .
Nine people standing around and crossing a city street named Larkin , near a wine store and a large sign reading " Thain House . "
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor .
A child is smiling , showing off his beautiful teeth .
A man wearing a white tank top is perched and looking down from a rock .
A man browses a busy farmer 's market .
A race car drives through a dirt-covered racetrack .
A woman in red is standing in the background , watching a golden dog race through a field of tall grass .
The group of boats races each other .
Four young men , one fully dressed and seated , and three in black swim trunks - two standing , one seated - are on a pier with brightly painted railings .
Construction worker , welding on high beam .
Indian shop vendor working during the day .
A man stands on a ladder doing some sort of work while he slowly gains public attention .
A little girl in a blue shirt and jeans , sitting on a swing smiling .
A police officer is standing by the corner of a building .
Man with a yellow jacket is riding a motorbike through a street marketplace filled with people and vendors .
Indian man sitting in the street doing some sort of metal working , tools around him .
The football player in red kicks off the ball .
A person collecting flowers in a silver bowl .
The woman is sitting on a short concrete wall next to a scooter .
Two men vie for a football .
An old man stands glancing at a large bucket of flour .
A wall with writings from angry protesters in a big city .
A marine in dress uniform is about to walk across the street with two little girls .
peoples standing behind a bicycle stall
A woman is smiling while talking on the phone in front of her computer .
a man snoring
A man just hit the ball on the golf course .
A man descends a snowy mountain .
A man in a military-type uniform is standing in the street listening to another man who has a piece of paper in his hands .
A man building a fire .
Two groups are canoeing on a river overlooking a mountain .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is looking down and standing in front of a window next to a box .
A light brown and white dog walks on a thin railing .
A woman with a drink and a toy .
A man is in the desert a few feet off the ground holding onto strings of a parachute .
Two cowboys attempt to lasso a calf while riding full speed on horses .
A brown-haired man with glasses is wearing a burgundy hooded sweatshirt while sitting at a dinner table checking his cellphone .
A man teaches young children about fixing bicycles in a park .
A black and white dog playing with a broken volleyball
Four guys are playing basketball and the floor is gold with blue , red and white trimmings , two guys are wearing white and four are wearing black they are surrounded with people in the bleachers .
A girl in a pink sweatshirt goes to sit at a table while a boy watches .
A man singing into a microphone .
Group of people watching a skateboarder do tricks at a skate park .
An Asian man in a black and orange jacket is holding a gun .
Three men kicking around a soccer ball in a camping park .
A man stands outside by himself beside some old buildings and a brick street .
A woman in an orange sari sits in front of a low wall among baskets of vegetables that include potatoes .
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them .
A woman is taking her child for a ride on her bicycle .
A black women in a subway tunnel .
man herding oxen on the beach
Some people are using the escalator to the left , others are using the steps to the right and a group of people are using the ground level walkway .
A man in a gray hat and tank top with black shorts doing a handstand .
A little girl and a little boy are facing each other .
People standing by a canal as boats pass by .
An elderly couple sit on a bench in a park looking at a map .
A little boy calmly holds a butterfly .
Three dogs running together on a paved walkway .
A young boy and dark-haired man are taking pictures in opposite directions .
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass .
A young shirtless man in red and black shorts stands on a snowy cliff and looks out over the lake .
A child wearing bright clothes , plays with toys on a rocky ground .
A woman smiles as she gives a presentation on a microphone .
A shirtless boy is walking down the beach holding a large branch .
A tan dog is running fast through tall green grass .
Two brothers preparing the family dinner .
A man holds a cloth while in a crowded area .
A man surfs in bright , blue water .
A man lounging on a couch surrounded by more furniture .
A man with a mustache and pink sunglasses controls an audio panel as a portion of a microphone appears in the front of him .
A person on a green board is snowboarding in midair .
A man is looking at flowers in a field .
The man in the black clothing and the woman in the red dress are dancing ballet .
Man carrying groceries on a neighborhood sidewalk .
A young man playing the piano .
A truck driver opens up the truck door .
A house party full of young people .
A group of construction workers in hard hats on a balcony .
A group of people gathered around the starting line of a race .
A man in a black shirt holds his hand up to other young men .
An older Native American plays a drum , while wearing a traditional beads .
A small child taking a nap on the floor .
Three men are watching the man in the cherry picker .
People with braided hair are gathered around .
A person in a black jacket is jumping through the air on a bike .
A group of people in a white room wearing costumes one girl is wearing white toga .
Two men dressed in dark orange coverings and sandals stand near a large reflective sculpture .
Gold and white dog catching a tennis ball in its mouth .
Female Frisbee player in a white uniform catches a Frisbee while a group watches .
An Asian man in a yellow shirt and wearing glasses is seated on a platform , holding a string of beads in his hand .
Many people are dancing outside at night under hanging lights .
A shirtless male gymnast in white tights spins on an Avai-brand sawhorse .
A man and a woman on a tractor the man is driving while the woman rides in the back .
A person on ski 's in the air at a ski slope .
Two football players tumbling to the ground .
A man in a gray shirt standing under a unique statue .
a young woman is jumping on a trampoline
A middle-aged woman in red and black is running in a race .
Many people outside , sitting on the edge of a jacuzzi .
A group of children learning to swim .
A man in sandals is sitting beneath a red cliff on a clear day .
hockey player in white uniform with stick
It appears they are setting up for the meet .
A child in white and pink is picking a white flowered tree next to a fence .
Several young men browsing in C.D's .
A man in a black leather jacket walks next to a white brick building in a big city .
Young girl getting ready to rock climb .
Two hot air balloons on a snowfield
A blond woman with glasses shops at an outdoor market .
A man is playing the guitar while another man is playing the drums behind him .
Two young men dressed in black stand next to each other looking at something .
Two people are looking at something on the ground that one is scraping carefully .
Six construction workers are pulling a roof up with ropes .
A girl is shaking the water out of her hair .
A boy and girl walk in shallow water .
A man in a backwards baseball cap , black shirt and blue shorts behind the steering wheel of a boat with a flag behind him .
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow .
A man in black with long hair playing a guitar with stickers on it .
A man and a woman walk along the sidewalk .
A small crowd of people gather in a desert in a poor village .
A rock climber goes sideways .
A group of people in jobbing clothes go up a street while bystanders watch .
A person does a trick with a skateboard .
A group of hiply dressed young adults relax together .
A child in a white shirt is sucking on an object .
Man cutting a birthday cake .
A curly-haired child is blowing away dandelion seeds while laying in a field of lush green grass .
Many people swimming is a lake surrounded by trees and houses .
A woman , man , and a little baby is riding a scooter .
People ride two camels at the beach .
A quarterback faking a hand off to a running back during a football play .
A man and woman veterinarian checking on a very large tiger laying on the ground .
Children are learning to care for newborn infants along side their parents .
A man leans on a wall in the city .
A man in a gray and yellow jacket stands behind the counter at Boston Belle .
A greyhound is active in a grassy field .
A young child sitting in a mess of paint .
This is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent .
A small child in a pink hoodie ascending tall stairs outdoors .
Two white horses drawing a carriage .
A man in a black and gray outfit is sailing through the air on skis or a snowboard .
A female is looking into the lens of a microscope .
A man in a gray t-shirt rests .
A man in a white cap and shirt plays the violin with other street performers .
Two children , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .
A group of people , including a man on a bicycle , on the waterfront .
A man is holding a basket above his head .
A person with neon pink hair and yellow shirt is looking out across a beach .
A man is standing on a rock in front of a mountainous area .
The man is playing professional tennis .
A young girl in a blue bathing suit jumps off of a yellow slide into the water .
Two men are listening to music through headphones .
A person in black drinking coffee near a bridge .
Boys on a motor-scooter riding down a busy urban street .
A black-haired man playing a guitar .
a beach with blue and red boats , with people on shore
A city worker diligently replacing some outdoor tiles .
The four kids are riding on an ATV in a field .
A well dressed , dark-haired , dark-skinned young man wearing earbuds sits and rests against a tree .
A man wearing an orange shirt , camouflage pants , and a protective mask uses a chainsaw to chop down a tree on the sidewalk .
A swimmer from Hungary is standing near the edge of the pool .
A group of older men in a band playing on a stage outside .
a beautiful couple dancing by a wedding cake .
A young man in shorts and work boots is crouching .
a green bearded man wearing women 's apparel while he pushes his cart
A person with a ponytail , jean jacket , walking near slitted fence outside on a sunny day .
People shaping pieces of stone into bricks .
A woman is smiling and sitting next to a smiling man in front of a table with potted plants .
Three men in yellow , are on a boat cutting up fish .
A man with a blue shirt riding a red bike doing a wheelie in the middle of the road .
Four adults and several children participate in a swimming lesson .
One student argues with another over an assignment .
A red parasail is floating over the grassy beach and ocean .
A group of athlete running in a race .
Two towers made of flashy fabric with weird heads on top of them are facing each other on a roadway .
An ethnic band including a dancer , singer , a violinist , and a dancing pair perform in front of an audience on a brightly decorated stage .
Couple in park eating ice cream cones with three other adults and two children in background .
Three boys in green shirts and khaki pants are at the top of a slide .
Solders in a marching parade standing still at attention .
A man riding his bicycle near the ocean .
A person with gray hair , dressed entirely in gray , lies on the wooden slats of a park bench .
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy .
A woman wearing boots is praying on the ground
Two men walking down a dirt path .
A man with a back up over his shoulder and a stick hoisted in both hands , wading through the waters of a muddy river .
A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall .
A young girl moves to a beat in a midriff baring shirt and jeans .
A little baby on a tricycle seems to not be wearing any clothes .
Luggage carts all lined up and ready to be moved .
Man in black shirt holding a short-haired woman .
A group of band members are performing on the streets of another country .
A man stands by a red car , as a child peers out from inside .
A man waterskiing during the winter time as people watch
A butcher who is wearing a dirty butcher 's coat is cutting meat on a slab in the store window where he works .
A man in a blue shirt is bowling .
A young man bicycles towards the camera and away from beautiful mountains on a clear day .
A man in a white and orange jacket is holding up a creamer while sitting in front of an empty plate and a coffee cup .
Three women in headscarfs look at something out of frame .
Two women ion skirts walk across a parking lot .
A woman smiles at the camera while playing violin .
A skateboarder doing some kind of handstand on the board .
A woman wearing tight jeans and high heels is running across the road .
two men throwing a rug in the air
A person swimming in a pool with black goggles on .
Four boys sit on the street and talk .
A rally vehicle creates a dust cloud while racing .
A baby with blue eyes and a dirty face is pointing at his left eye .
A man in a blue blazer stands still in the middle of an outdoor market .
A child is looking through the viewfinder of a camera .
A woman wearing a kimono is walking along a busy street .
A man with a ponytail using a hula hoop in an open cemented area .
People running on a sidewalk in the middle of a grassy area .
Two young men dressed in white golf shirts and sunglasses stand outside on a bright , sunny day reading a newspaper .
An asian man in a gray ' station 18 ' t-shirt shaves his beard .
Young boy wearing jeans and a blue shirt playing with a dog .
Ladies being taken through an exercise routine by the military
A man is sleeping on a bench .
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .
Two blond children seated on concrete surface , at the feet of a man .
Boys at a skateboard park skating .
A surfer hangs in the air over the water .
A woman in a blue tank top eats a chili cheese hotdog .
The vendor is holding a lot of balloons created in the shape of Disney characters .
A group of bicyclists riding down a city road with skyscrapers behind them .
Two women stuff filing in wrappers while a man wearing a blue t-shirt looks on .
A photographer in a green shirt and jeans , stoops to photograph a swimmer in red that is exiting the pool .
A crowd of law enforcement officers who are all in uniform are blocking off a street in a crowded neighborhood .
A mother and son walk along a dirt path .
View from the summit
a lone person wearing a purple tank top running on the shore at the beach
A woman in a black shirt is putting a spoon into her mouth .
A boy is about to lie in the green grass .
A biker with long blond-hair eating an ice cream cone .
A little boy prestends to punch another kid in the temple while they are eating lunch .
A man and woman taking in the sights while shopping .
A person is walking inside a large blue and yellow structure that looks to be made of fabric .
A bearded man with a hat and glasses talks while two other men listen .
A man with a purple tie is singing into a microphone .
An asian man grills meat .
There is a woman wearing a yellow scarf who is mopping the floors .
A mildly overweight man with a backpack is at the beach with two kids , who are playing in the sand .
A man sits on a sidewalk .
Boy in red shirt getting ready to hit the pinata .
It is a heavyset guy with a shopping cart filled with bags sitting on a bench .
Teenagers are interacting with elderly people in a common room .
A group of people on a porch who has the sun and shadows from the roof shining down on them .
Four children running around a pole with red and white strips on top .
A young couple relaxing against a stone wall .
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field .
A young woman jumps from a high diving board into the pool .
Two men ride a bicycle down the street .
A man in a brown trench coat talking to a security officer in a mall .
Two men are sitting behind a vegetable stall .
Three men in a band playing musical instruments .
A jeep sidewalks on some rocks .
Two football players in hike formation .
A singer is performing in costume during a show .
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top .
One guy , in a white shirt and colorful pants , painting a column with many bright and colorful paints .
Two dogs in a house playing with toys .
Two construction workers are working on the road .
A dog on a leash tries to get over a rock wall .
Mother and daughter try to best each other by looking dreary .
a person with a bright red wig standing in front of graffiti
Four young men in room surrounded by books .
A group of friends posing for a photo .
Two men , one on a bike and one that is walking .
A little boy in a red hat riding a horse .
A man wearing only red pants does a trick on a ladder .
A woman in a black tank top hula hoops .
A group of men dressed up like pirates stand outside The Cheesecake Factory with signs .
Three maintenance workers out repainting the fence .
The three athletes eye the ball while the crowd looks on .
The baseball player wearing blue is throwing the ball .
A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
Man in drooping swim trunks pushing baby stroller along edge of beach .
The man helps the boy ride a bike .
A man is on the ground beside a blue vehicle with it 's tire removed .
Three people are playing frisbee at a park .
A guy in a black shirt is looking to catch a water-melon with two other boys present .
A woman in a hat plays the guitar next to a woman talking on the phone .
A man in a black jacket and jeans standing in a workshop filled with tools .
A young girl sits on the sidewalk in front of a row of bikes .
A group of guests in a tent .
A man is waiting for the subway .
A man standing in a narrow alley posing for a picture .
A man is outside playing with a bubble maker .
A family playing the spray of a fountain .
African man selling things from rotting booth .
Man riding a bike with teammate .
The black dog is running through the clearing .
People sitting at conference table laden with snacks .
A carnival set up in a city with different booths and passersby .
A shirtless man with glasses and wet hair shaving facial hair .
The man is riding his bike along a trail .
a little girl swings on the swing .
Men and women are dancing at a nightclub .
A crowd of people closely watching a rollerskater ; at the summit of his run .
A cameraman shoots a closeup image of a farmer and his crops .
Four girls are jumping next to each other on the sand shore of a large body of water .
A man in a red tank top is meditating .
A young women with brown hair walking down a city street in the rain .
A young boy plays on the beach near a red chair .
A man is outside of a store looking in through the window at the food for sale .
Two guys , one in a sweater and jeans , and the other in shorts , walk down the sidewalk .
A man in New York City stares at an ad outside 14th street station that reads " Kimora is Back . "
Two kids in their pajamas .
Tons of girls with half their buttocks hanging out dressed in blue silver and gold for some sort of parade .
One woman with a dark coat on walking by herself in a city .
A man with a GNC store in the background .
fisherman motors ahead in his boat , facing the sun
a bmx rider , wall rides .
Five people are skydiving and two of them have green and yellow smoke coming off of them .
A man in a yellow shirt and blue pants balances himself on a log behind another man in a light blue shirt and shorts that are light blue and yellow that is also balancing himself .
A blond-haired woman weaving a colorful blanket of blue , yellow , and purple .
Man reading a newspaper at an outdoors restaurant .
Two teams play soccer on a grass field .
A girl in a coral shirt with glasses is smiling while leaning against a fence .
A woman in a dark shirt holding a book and a star with a big smile .
A foreign county with children on moped .
The man played guitar in the band .
A man in a black sweater and black cap sits outside a shop reading a book with a magnifying glass .
A young woman sits at the curb with wearing a dress and sandals .
An older man is playing a saxophone .
A man with a fruit stand giving change to another man .
Shirtless man on high cliff with back to camera .
Three men tackle someone from the opposite team .
A pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game .
Many people raise a large sheet of fabric above their heads .
A young boy holding a broom or mop in a laundry room .
A group of people protesting .
A young , black girl in a white shirt is wearing a party hat and covering her mouth with her right hand .
Lady with a white towel on her head selling at an open air marketplace .
A group of people are running in the streets in their under clothes .
Two college aged kids are walking down the street dressed as though they are injured .
A baby falls asleep on a blanket outside with his stuffed animal .
A man is playing the accordion .
A small child hangs from a wire fence .
A woman describes what the stack of files is for .
A group of five people are sitting at a table .
A young woman draped in a wool shawl intently spinning wool outdoors in early Spring .
A woman wearing a white tracksuit is stretching her foot above her head .
A man in shorts visiting a touring stop in the country .
A man and a woman against a railing looking at something .
A woman is sitting in a dark place , with one hand on one shoulder , and the other holding a martini glass .
A football player in a green jersey , obtaining the ball , while a football player in a white jersey lies on the ground .
The hotdog vendor is working in central park .
Teenage boys are playing hockey on a neighborhood field
A football coach is walking on a football field .
Crowd of people sits on stairs in white room .
Two people are performing in front of a crowd in a downtown area .
Three people sitting at a small table smoking cigarettes .
A bride on her wedding day wearing her orange belt .
The restaurant staff is setting up the dining room for a meal .
A couple of students lay next to one another in a concrete park .
people walking outside a transport station .
A little child is wearing a red shirt and a beanie and is standing on some jagged rocks .
A group of children are standing and talking together under trees .
A woman works on a sculpture on a wood platform .
The small boy is excited he will be riding a go-cart .
A baseball catcher stands ready to catch a throw , while his team looks on .
A lady selling food outside of a building .
Distant boat with striped sail , sailing between two land masses .
A man standing next to a bird cage
Three people are walking on a board placed over a hole in the sidewalk due to construction .
a girl with a blue shirt painting
A middle eastern militant man wears flip-flops .
A guy shows his foot to the camera as others in the background sleep .
An older man is kicking an object .
A group of women sitting together on the ground .
Woman wearing tennis shoes is stopped and looking at her cellphone .
Cyclists racing down a street .
Five workers with safety vests working on covering the walls of a covered walkway .
A gyro chef in a white jacket and cap looking at gyro meat .
A man with a shotgun reloading .
A man off in the distance by a Buddhist temple .
Many joggers running in a marathon .
A young Asian boy is standing between to women while they cook meat on sticks .
Kids playing in the water fountains .
A man sits outside a building while the rain falls .
A man doing rodeo riding .
A man in a black suit with a gray overcoat stands in front of books facing a group of children sitting on the floor .
Several Asian men wearing black clothing in some kind of station .
Construction work on a road in the downtown area .
White medium sized dog is running through the ocean .
The white pelican is flying over the ocean .
A group of three bald men in red sitting on a railing , smoking and talking .
a old woman sits on a bench next to her cane .
A couple , a man and a woman , are sitting on a rock looking at the ocean .
A man stands on a bridge at night .
A man is preparing food at an outdoor food shop in what looks like a poor country .
A man with a bright reflective vest and headphones is standing next to a man with a suit and scarf .
Artist painting on a canvas .
A yawning man and a smiling boy are sitting on the pavement .
A small child with a blue hood is looking out the window .
A tattoo artist at work .
Two musicians sing into microphones , one in the foreground wearing a black and white striped shirt raises her arms while the other looks up while holding the microphone .
a cowboy riding a horse outside .
A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city .
A blue character sits in the stands at a sports event .
A woman in a black t-shirt and light tan long skirt sing at the microphone while her band members play in the background .
Three people walk on a snow covered wasteland .
A little boy in an orange sweater and sunglasses plays at the beach .
Two emergency response unit workers are examining train tracks .
A man wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position , while a man in uniform squats beside him .
A white dog nurses her pups .
An elderly man is standing in a t-shirt shop .
Some people walk beside a racetrack before a race .
A middle-aged couple is happily opening a white KitchenAid mixer .
A man and a woman are dancing in the street .
A bald man is sitting on a bench in front of a red truck .
A group of people are gathered , posing for a picture .
There are 9 people on horses in fancy clothes riding through a field with a treeline in the background .
A girl , about 8 years old , is sitting in front of a television , delighted with a stuffed animal , while a boy watches .
Two fireman walk next to a firetruck .
An older man in a white shirt riding a motorcycle .
A woman works hard forming clay .
A person stands up high on a pole structure .
A guy with his hand on his chin , tattoos on both arms , and a gold bracelet on standing behind a food business counter .
A boy drawing boxes on his notebook .
Two MMA fighters wearing shorts and fighting in a cage match .
A brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it .
A man in a brown coat and pants stands on a crowded street holding a blue sign about God .
Girl in hallway vacuuming
A man holding a microphone up for a woman .
There is a woman with a green scarf around her head .
A girl playing in a fountain
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall .
A man is sitting down and wearing round , red glasses .
Whole Foods hosts a " City Picnic . "
An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose .
Two people on stage performing a dance .
A white dog running on a rocky beach .
Police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless microphone .
Comical man pushing his fist against a broken concrete tile .
A dog looking at the camera in snow .
A man gets into a small blue car .
A large amount of people carrying flags attending an event .
Chinese market street in the winter time .
